93)  Modi's Master StrokeSharafat shocked by the sudden announcement of the phenomenal world kutanitika initiative met with Sharif arrived in Lahore on Twitter, congratulated birthday, neck, along the corner svagatabharatiya PM.What is to David: SenaShiv Sena, the tightening tanja on the tour said that what Modi has to bring Dawood Ibrahim from Pakistan. Party spokesman Sanjay Raut had said on Twitter that the end of what is meant by this sudden Pak PM to. David will be handed over to India after a meeting between Modi-Nawaz Sharif? Hiuiralle 2> 8 / hiuiralle 2> See also page 5 Now what has changed: youWhat changed was that you said that while Modi, the BJP had opposed negotiations padaa to Lahore with Pakistan. Ashutosh Modi and the BJP leader said that the party had been opposed to dialogue with Pakistan in the name of terrorism. Whether terrorism is stopped so that Nawaz Sharif has become a favorite for Modi now. Fantastic tour: CongressModi said the Congress has a profound effect on the screen to move the country's security. Can. Party leader Manish Tewari said that if it was not pre-planned their trip is definitely ridiculous. What has happened to improve relations with Pakistan, which meet Modi who arrived in Lahore, Sharif suddenly without informing the country. Try Hut: BJPAppreciating the decision of the Prime Minister, the BJP said that it is between India and Pakistan 'protocol operates is leading an effort to break from politics. Could not be a better day, the birthday of Vajpayee. BJP leader Ram Madhav said that the two countries need to pragadhata padaosi in their relationship. New Delhi / Lahore. December 25,To give a new dimension to the India-Pakistan relations, the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has surprised the world with diplomatic master stroke suddenly arrived in Lahore today. Lahore, Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to meet Modi climbed after a trip to Afghanistan. Today is also the birthday of Sharif and his grand daughter was also henna ceremony meharunnisa. Frozen ice began melting on the relationship between the two leaders in Paris after the negotiation. At a meeting of the Foreign Secretaries of India and Pakistan were the two countries in thailainda badhaae next two steps toward friendship. Sushma Swaraj had been part of the color of friendship together with Sharif on 9 December. Twitter announced on Modi had announced the coming of Lahore on Twitter. He tweeted, "I greeted him and spoke to Sharif's birthday. I'll meet with Sharif in Lahore today afternoon when returning home. The world was shocked by the events of Sharafat kutanitika unprecedented initiative Narendra Modi's sudden arrival in Lahore has surprised the world. India and Pakistan came to the officers of the politicians and the government was not about to end. Modi made an unprecedented diplomatic initiative on the birthday of the then Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee visited Pakistan in 2004. 2015 began with the bitterness and aggression between the two countries highly. The end of the year is going to be a new chapter with the goodwill due to positive initiatives of Modi. ■ Modi has around half the Indian Air Force aircraft from Kabul. Udaana filled three o'clock, landed at Lahore airport at a quarter to five.■ Office of the Prime Minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif in Lahore confirmed the brief meeting and Modi.■ Nawaz Sharif had reached nearly a half hour before the airport. Sharif welcomed the throat along.■ The two leaders left for a private residence in the Peerage Dudhal village near Lahore, Sharif's sitting in the helicopter.■ Indian High Commissioner in Pakistan tisie Raghavan was also present at the Lahore Airport.■ Sharif arranged vegetarian dishes especially for Modi. Modi is the fourth PM of the country which have been on a trip to Pakistan. Earlier, Jawaharlal Nehru, Rajiv Gandhi and Atal Bihari Vajpayee was on two trips to Pakistan. Jawaharlal Nehru was in Karachi during the July 27 to 25 in 1953. He then traveled to Pakistan in 1960 after seven years from 19 to 23 September. Rajiv Gandhi in 1988, had traveled to Pakistan from 29 to 31 December. Atal Bihari Vajpayee's visit to Lahore in 1999, 19 and 20 February of the bus. Vajpayee to Islamabad to attend the SAARC summit in January twelfth from 6 to 4 in 2004. 
 