96)  On the third day also grapple., Issued kombinga A lot of hearts and minds of every person in the country between the great respect for the terror attack in Pakistan's dark matter Pathankot martyrs and their families of all questions up stones. There. Questions about the use of the country's security and intelligence structures. This is the latest case once again proved that on the basis of information received from intelligence sources in the case of improvised action as well today as we are lazy before. Also, more than 75 hours after the passing of time, this question is hovering in the air that was how the number of terrorists? No terrorist is sitting still hidden? Where will the next attack of the terrorists? The question is also whether we have not taken any lessons from the past terror attacks?The question is that when badaa 30 December there was an Intelligence report about the terrorists and potential attacks has not been compromised, why immediate review of the security arrangements for them and tight. How, after all, so within reach of terror? After the kidnapping and release of SP in Punjab lethargy persisted since. In this case, all the Punjab police, intelligence agencies, the BSF, the lack of coordination between the military and the NSG. As well as the abduction of SP, it became clear that the terrorists have sneaked into the state, and they are staying in a military uniform. He infiltrated the plot under attack. SP released from the information provided by the Punjab police and intelligence agencies and security forces, and then how tight manner with mutual synergyWhy do not the militants dharadaboca, this question is not answered. If the news of the infiltration of terrorists on December 30, security forces and intelligence agencies had reported to the police in Punjab and hiuiralle dahasatagadarem on the movement and phone calls 2> 8 / hiuiralle 2> Page 2 on the left ..Pak SIM cards, three arrested with AK-47Mohali: Punjab police has arrested the terrorist attack on the Pathankot quality air base and they have three individuals here today with Pakistani SIM cards, mobile phones, weapons and ammunition recovered from the busted in a drug smuggling operation. To the claim. These jabtiyam which was included in the three offenders are interstate drug smuggling operation. Parrikara upset, the investigation of the New Delhi: Defence may not be completed on the third day of the campaign, hoping to get the militants are unwilling to Pathankot airbase Minister Manohar parrikara. The Chief of Air Staff Air Chief Marshal parrikara be instructed that he Arup Detect shortcomings that have led to reliable information on high alert for possible terrorist attacks and despite the impenetrable security military base. According to sources, the headquarters of the Air Force has also been asked to list the steps that prevent the possibility of such attacks in the future. Air Force headquarters has also been asked to prepare a report in the timeline. Pathankot. January 4 (agency security forces grapple with this third day of attacks on Pakistani militants Pathankot airbase. Continued. At the end of the joint security forces in the campaign, and two militants today. However, it has not been officially confirmed yet. Kombinga continuous operation is continuing in the premises of the airbase and the security forces are tapping the combing operation in the area. Seven soldiers were killed during the campaign.Currently airbase in operation and continues to exist kombinga of a possible terrorist attacks, but has been told that there is hardly a terror left. Was sitting hidden in a building that had been firing intermittently and terrorist airbase here. Security forces gunned down on Monday udaa the building for two and terrorists. Meanwhile, in the wake of the attack, the Indian security adviser Ajit dobhala shared information tonight with her Pakistani counterpart. Meanwhile, the Pakistani Foreign Ministry said that it is working on a number of clues provided by India in connection with the attack. Hiuiralle 2> 8 / See also hiuiralle 2> Page 11Pathankot on Monday against the terrorist attack in Mumbai has been demonstrated in the face of strong opposition. The demonstrators demanded to apprehend the Maulana Masood Azhar and Hafiz Saeed. Pathankot airbase, the organization has taken responsibility for the terrorist attack on the United Jihad Council called new. It is running a new maneuver by the name of pseudo-terrorist organization, the Pakistani military for fear of being exposed and the truth in front of the Pakistani Army. Report sought from the Ministry of Home Affairs BSFThe Home Ministry has asked the international border by militants to infiltrate into India and to the BSF report about the event to carry out terrorist attacks in Pathankot. Ministry asked to explain how the BSF that cross-border terror and the invasion carried out by heavily armed incident in India. Terror alert before the invasionAccording to preliminary reports, the terror alerts were issued prior to the filing of the airbase. The sources of the airbase had been filed in the morning of January 1, according to terror, while in the evening a few hours after the warning was issued. Salavindara SP Singh from Punjab Police have been kidnapped by militants were marooned hours to confirm some important information. There is a terror that may pass through the southern end of the Ravi River in Punjab will be able to access, where there is no badabandi. After that, they were divided into two groups.

