87)  ICC Stadium strict administration official warned on the pitch jamatha, dissatisfied with the response of the BCCIDubai. December 21 (AgencyAfter not being affected by the argument of the defense BCCI International Cricket Council (ICC to prepare a pitch to the administration of jamatha Stadium in Nagpur on Monday 'official warning' given that India and the Referee after the third test match between South Africa Agreement was poor. Significantly, the BCCI president Shashank Manohar and ICC Chairman jamatha the home ground. The pitch of the spinners were getting turn jamatha long ago day.The ICC said in a statement, '' the International Cricket Council announced today that jamatha Stadium in Nagpur, India, and warned the official monitoring process under the ICC pitch after the third Test between South Africa. '' According to the statement, "This sentence has been made keeping in mind the fact that, once expressed no concern about the performance of the pitch during the other matches played on the international scene. '' ruled by the ICC match referee Jeff Crowe of the pitch It was agreed to be paid to poor ratings. Referee Crowe was the match of the match ended within the last three months of the day.FlashbackThe three-day (25, 26 and 27 November was started to move from the first day to go to the ball in the hot test. Where India scored 215 in the first innings, while guests were dismissed for just 79 runs on the team in South Africa. Ashwin and Ravindra Jadeja took 5 wickets for 4. India has a target of 310 runs to win the match, scoring 173 in their second innings, but the guests were settled on the score for protiyaja only 185. Ashwin then runs for 7 wickets, 66 fatal attacks and he. The India attained badhata unbeatable 2-0 series win in the fight against the 124 rano. Bats, was not the appropriate competition between the ballCrowe believes that the pitch was not the appropriate competition between the bat and the ball. ICC general manager of cricket, the ICC chief match jyaupha elardisa and video footage of the match referee Ranjan madugale, and sentenced the Crow's report, keeping in mind the answer to the BCCI. Former cricketers had criticized the pitch in Nagpur which also included players such as England, Matthew Hayden and Michael van in Australia. Virat Kohli and captain of the Indian Test team and team director Ravi Shastri had said in defense of the pitch, however, that there was nothing wrong in the pitch.Jeff Crowe jamatha Stadium (file photo.