100) , the third day ransom! And two terrorists killed: to kill terrorists demolished the kentina! 60 United Jihad Council accepted responsibility for the attackPathankot, Punjab Pathankot earabesavarila force of terror attacks that have been launched three days' operation Pathankot, reached the final stage on Monday. The Indian Army and the National Security Force (NSG and the two terrorists were killed in a joint operation on Monday, sitting in wait kentina of earabesa. Kentinaci two-storey building was demolished with the help of both the militants to end the ranagadyam. "United Jihad Council, a group of 15 militant organizations claimed responsibility for the attack in Pathankot, stick attack Pakistan relationship is not claimed. Of course this should be made to mislead the experts argue that it is more likely to attack defense of Jaish-e-Mohammad asanyacica hand.Government anyone involved in terrorism or in operation yet, Pathankot operation not been announced officially expired. NSG Inspector General Maj Gen Singh earabesa dusanta not completely secure, it will continue operation until it has been decided. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said in New Delhi, said two militants were killed and Monday. A large quantity of explosives being built or in the body, they do not come from terrorists detained, he said. Pathankot earabesa have scattered around the area, 24 km. So were some difficulties terrorism operation rabavatana security forces. Damage to a minimum, and it was our effort was yasahi. The terrorists were tried pakadanyacehi living lambale operation, he said. Was killed after firing stopped waiting kentina earabesamadhila from four terrorists. Two terrorists were hiding in these places. Technical areas had plans of their intrusion. Could not destroy the terrorists entered kentina. So the decision was taken to demolish the last moment and was demolished the building with the help of imarataca kentinaci total of ranagadyam. Srinagar: Pathankot all terrorist attacks against the United Jihad Council earabesavarila killed when the news of the National Highway skvodane brought about by this self-proclaimed spokesman for the group said the complex Hussain Syed. How many terrorists were involved in this attack, but he did not give the number. The attack made it clear that this group not in bed with Pakistan. Paki ISI and Pakistan intelligence agencies with the help of the group was formed in 1 99 4. It is mainly active in Jammu and Kashmir, including the terrorist organization. Earabesa more hours of time on the air force had attacked the militants in Pathankot Fury on Saturday morning at around 3.30. After more than 60 hours of the start of fury between Indian soldiers and militants. Fire earabesavaruna 10 pm on Monday morning and the air force remained sound blasts. And the sound of it, but stopped. Trained militants attack madePathankot earabesa against all terrorist uccaprasiksita elevator. And were equipped with weapons and darugolyane. In 2008, there were trained more terrorists who attacked Mumbai on atirekyampeksahi. As lambale operation?Pathankot operation lambanyamage Prime Minister and Defence Minister Manohar rpikara causes the instructions given. Bond armed forces, so do not take unnecessary risks, that are clear and strict instructions were given by the security forces and rpikara Modi. Besides terrorists were trying to live at least pakadanyacehi if possible. 3 arrested in Mohali taskaranna; Paki-SIM, ammunition japtara 8 eu ">C / r 8 eu '> Mohali: Pathankot attacks claimed by gang busted in Punjab taskaram of substance abuse from the police, who arrested the three on Monday. The Pakistani SIM, Mobile, Arms and ammunition seized alara 8 eu ">C / r 8 eu '> Mohali Senior Superintendent of Police GPS Bhullar said. They seized weapons and Pakistani SIM stenaganasaha automatic double Pakistani magazine. Gurajita Singh alias bholu, Sandeep Singh, Jatinder Singh alias alive and RBG. Foreign Secretary level meeting on the question of pakasobataPathankot: Pathankot attacks in Pakistan next week to be questioned is standing by the India-Pakistan Foreign Secretary-level meeting. National Security Council meeting chaired by the Prime Minister on Monday fell through. The meeting was to discuss the background of the attack on the Pathankot. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley were present meeting. Speaking to reporters after the meeting, however, and refused to comment on any of the Indo-Pak talks. A ray of Ti h LLA Pathankot terror attack on the Martyrs was cremated with military honors on Monday, the entire environment mournful. Soldiers and hundreds of villagers had gathered antyadarsana relatives. Left. Colonel ike Niranjan's parthiva been cremated mulagavi at Palakkad in Kerala. - And news / 8.