50)  Revenge in Paris weatherClimate Change Conference meeting in Modi-SharifPrime Minister and his Pakistani counterpart Nawaz Sharif met here today were suddenly on the sidelines of the climate conference. Was small but very important meeting. The two leaders met in private and their body language was quite serious topics that are discussed.Earlier, in July, the two leaders met in Ufa, Russia. Being understood that the two-day conference, the two leaders of the program can also create a separate meeting. However, so far there has been no announcement in this regard. Recently stunt changing India with Nawaz Sharif had announced unconditional dialogue. UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon in Paris yesterday said that India-Pakistan relations by negotiation Hiurirlla 2> 8 / Hiurirlla 2> remaining on page 2 ..Not flee from responsibility older. Country: ModiPrime Minister before the climate change conference today reminded developed countries that global warming is the most Bdli responsibility of those countries, because the prosperity achieved by burning fossil fuels, which have to suffer the brunt of the world. Is. The Financial Times said in an article in the developed countries against climate change Ldkai more burden to discharge their duties.Holland metThe Prime Minister today met French President Francois Holland and India at the climate conference will be positive and constructive thinking. He said in talks with the French president in the countries deal with climate change conference successful climate agreement will be crucial for the credibility of the commitments. Hiurirlla 2> 8 / Hiurirlla 2> Page 5, 11, also said IndiaThe casual offering undermining growth pattern, which offers foreign ministry spokesman, said: "Leaders in the lounge, it was suddenly offering. Prime Minister met with several heads of state. '' Pakistan showing 'eager'Pakistani TV channels repeatedly showed footage of the two leaders shaking hands with the interaction between the two was very Suhadrrpuarn environment. The atmosphere was positive and cheerful. ■ meeting next month could be granted an immediate impact in Sri Lanka cricket series between India and Pakistan could be the green signal.■ next week in Islamabad 'Heart of Asia Conference in India can participate.