66)  Dahi-Handi events broken court rules7 to 9 level pyramid built on several locations in MumbaiGovinda also involves hair, ignoring the security arrangements in India. September 6 (bureau"Govindakalallrekzala 'Jllosh of the city and suburban areas, on the occasion of the celebration today Dahi Handi 7 to 9 tier pyramid Udlai apart by the Court's decisions. Govinda also viewed these programs Ddklle hair. Moreover, the organizers of the judicial sanctions and adequate security measures are not overlooked. As a result, more than 100 were injured Govinda, while a young man was killed in Bhiwandi.Due to the dry conditions and restrictions imposed by the High Court of Mumbai and Thane reputed yogurt-Handian were canceled. The crews of the city-region's famous Govinda preferred the street-neighborhood events. Court instructed by their subversion at many places over the 20-foot height was an attempt to hang on the pitcher. Govinda sat packed in trucks and two-wheelers on the day Bdli-Bdli crews were seen moving into the city. Court ban and large. Despite the lack of enthusiasm of the organizers did not retreat. They hang on the height above the pitcher Fodkne a Cdlte views. .Screw in Dadar organizerDahi-Handi Aidiyl area of ​​Dadar Govinda Jai ​​Hanuman team of eight levels by pyramid pitcher Fodzik As a result of the organizer courted controversy. Police has registered a complaint in this regard.One killed, 129 injuredDahi-Handi in Digashi in Bhiwandi near Anbadli bind iron pillar while going down a man called Ganesh Patil died infinite. The Chambers and the organizers had assured that adequate security arrangements will be made. Yet Govinda 129 injured in the day. How will the action organizers?Dahi-Handi festival that has always dominated the Congress-NCP organizer backed out this time. Therefore only the Shiv Sena-BJP 'voice' was heard. But these events is a flagrant violation of the ban in court. That ruling is now being questioned. Sena-BJP organizers will process how? Jogeshwari's Jai Jawan Govinda team Ravindra gate for the resolution of the Board of yogurt-pot Fodkne Naustriy built pyramids.