169)  Dr. Mallesappa kalaburgi will murder case to CBI(From page  The party is led by the quick arrest of the predators for statewide movement. The incident did not happen. Dr. Kalaburgi assassination is highly condemnable, said his comments to reporters that siddaramayya. Govind Pansare very close contact with Comrade Kolhapur progressive thinker who is also very serious feelings of anger due to the way 77-year-old kalaburgi Suhrawardhy. It always talk andhasraddheviruddha kalaburgi.He had taken him to wrath Hindu God-right organizations devatambaddala VHP and Bajrang dalasarakhya dreaded doing controversial statements. Dharwad parthivace last respects at the numerous fans of kalaburgi Monday. Would lie down on the door to open kalaburgi against unknown attackers shot closely. Their forehead and chest ghusalya tablets after they were admitted to the hospital pranotkramana them. Karnataka Home Minister have been informed that the investigation of this murder pure KJ George said on Thursday. (IANS The murder of intellectuals nisedharhaca - Sadanand Moreira 8 eu ">C / r 8 eu '> Pune: Maharashtra talibanikaranaca question is only, that was the perception. But a senior progressive thinker Dr. Mallesappa M. Kalaburgi's murder has raised this seems to have been spreading out across the state border. It is unfair to murder democracy intellectuals, such events should nisedhaca, said researcher Dr. santasahityace. Sadanand More said kelera 8 eu '>C / r 8 eu '> kalaburgi was killed by security as rejected, it is being called. How many people still provide protection? This is not only to protect the rest. Such events should not happen, it should be set as appropriate mechanisms, he said. The controversial tweetYou who oppose Hindutva. R. Kambar and MM Kalaburgi have the dog died. Now Reverend KS God will have a number of that tweet Bajrang Dal after the havoc bantavala cell leader bhuvita Shetty. Creating a rift between the communities and the police have filed criminal cases in Mangalore settiviruddha vengeance. I have expressed my anger or my organization does not mean he killed anybody out, that he has reasons. They can see God's controversial statements would be the target of Hindu organizations. Our organization does not mean they will be killed, he said on Twitter Shetty. Dr. experiential wisdom. Were charged kalaburgi vertical and two progressive thinkers Dabholkar this andhasraddheviruddha are samyasthale many of assassination. Police investigating the murder of a local Dabholkar before, then went to the CID and the third phase due to CBI. Dokalaburgi murder of peaceful am. Dabholkar, Pansare's hatyedvare is looking to remove him on his head, which is a symbolic representation in the administration. In contrast, when a leader was quick to investigate if there is a case, however, it is critical that government prakaranambaddala vapor. The administration should be asked when they come together against this small community.- Nandu Madhav dabholkar, Pansare kalabargi was obvious and it was several years nidarapane your thoughts. However, the defeat of the government is killing them in ekamagomaga. The right to oppose the power of the question is that somewhere happens satavatoya weak. If the community raises its voice dosanvirodhata you will be killed, that is creating an illusion of strength right. This power must find its roots annihilation. Moreover, in the case of dabholkar and Pansare tapasabaddala government has all the wrong questions unanswered aheta Pushpa Bhave, Satish Shetty, senior intellectuals, dabholkar not have the financial strength or the Assassin's Pansare time now is found. It is against the ideology of democracy without violence to counter thoughts. Such terrorist acts should be stopped if democracy to save. Furthermore, the investigation of the case of deliberate dabholkar and getting to suppress Pansare? Sleep Song of awakenings will be taken by the Central Government and the State? There are not a lot of questions were created. Government is a betrayal of his duties, that the administration should be asked to look for an explanation of how the murder is yet to come forward with them. - Hamid dabholkar, aninsa activist intellectuals is not exhausted by the idea of ​​murder. Due to our society and more powerful, but he thought this rujavito. Should be made aware of marekaryanna. But now, when the hand on hand at the investigation should be carried out sitting agencies dolyavaraci coma.- Dattaprasada Dabholkar, senior thinkersClass intellectuals who were killed building the society, it is extremely dangerous to the eyes of society. So this should be a strict rule marekaryanna. And provision should be made about.