170)  Congress killed the game! Front successful: a strong grip on the party; Ajit Pawar has created bitterness success sarakarabaddala quiet jayantaravanna! Also joined the Congress-NCPWinter Session of Parliament from the Congress party and the workers in front of the overwhelming success of the State Department and brought the animal front. Ashok Chavan has once again his strong grip on the state Congress. Front phasalyane kicked him on the back of the convention does not also deny your relationship with this special masagula were told it how you involved enthusiastically planning today!How to tell that they were not revealing Police reached march were present. However, at least a million private, suspects that some of the senior officials said a million people were lokamatasi. Eat. Ashok Chavan had told the crowd on a half million.How crowded was the issue today is close Morcha have killed several birds with one stone this Morcha. Eat. Ashok Chavan made planning very carefully, all the works have been divided and put it to work to control the number of simultaneous messages on the State Morcha. Ashok Chavan made a strong grip on the organization, the government made the people's mind about the ennui katutahi and workers and the work done in favor of Jan Morcha ananyacehi.Party leaders all came together on the occasion of the march of the kingdom today. Prithviraj Chavan, Narayan Rane and Vidarbha, Maharashtra, West. Beyond all the leaders of Maharashtra, legislators want to work alevidhimandalace how close together on the occasion of this, they are planning to do to keep 222 area, so they took the help serve rastravadicihi. Planning was set up by Congress and serve this country well in slogans NCP MLA. NCP MLAs too were the panel. Congress rastravaditila katutahi got to look in the largest decrease. 8 the eu '> c / r 8 eu'> Assembly continued sharp. S we have discussed, the karjamaphici announced that the Opposition leader said Radhakrishna Patil, however, stood up to speak at the same time NCP leader Jayant Patil. He demanded that the government should start by canceling the Question Hour discussion. The eu 8 ">C / r 8 eu '> Revenue Minister Eknath Khadse stood immediately and we are ready to discuss, starting with the president to discuss the request. Ajit Pawar has been sitting on the neighbor that does not ask for an emergency debate Jayant Patil, quiet lunchtime, he said. To reduce the importance of debt relief rallies Jayant Patil of the Congress was in the area today to discuss this topic Removing the legislature. The government brought duskalavarila carcara 8 eu ">C / r 8 eu '> Front Congress because the information is kept for farmers to discuss government debt waiver Party 2 3 9 under. The government presented the proposal to remove the air of the opposition movement. The eu 8 ">C / r 8 eu '> politics on the issue of farmers' opposition Congress took objection to the discussion on the issue of debt relief on morcacyaca on acquiring government objected to the politics. 8 the eu '> c / r 8 eu'> Nagpur Congress-NCP pink cold has lasted talk among themselves unique hatamilavanici. It is as well. 8 Congress will come on the march. Since they want to cooperate in order to stop work on the house and 10 NCP MLAs to the party chairman, president Sharad Pawar's birthday held their program to the NCP that will help them to work gundalata tyadivasice. The eu 8 ">C / r 8 eu '> hatamilavanici discuss this area the legislature that lasted throughout the day today. Session of the second day of proceedings has been adjourned for the day. However, while there is also the ruling party had taken to finish all my work as. 10 date will be nagapurabahera party leader NCP.