7)  IS CLAIMS responsibility 129 killed 352 injured in terror attacks   Horror in Paris 26/11-style strike shocks world   France declares state of emergencyParis, Nov 14: A total of eight militants were killed, including seven by their suicide belts, during today"s attacks in Paris that left at least 120 dead, a source close to the investigation said. Four of the attackers were killed in the Bataclan concert hall, three by activating their suicide vests and one shot by police. Three more died near the national stadium and a fourth was killed in a street in eastern Paris . Meanwhile one of the assailants in Paris mentioned France"s intervention in Syria"s war to justify the attacks, said a witness who was at a concert venue where some 100 people were killed. AFP Rescue workers evacuating injured persons near the Bataclan concert hall in central Paris after terror attacks on November 13. At least 128 persons were killed and hundreds injured in a series of gun attacks across Paris, as well as explosions outside the national stadium where France was hosting Germany in a football match. AFP Washington, Nov. 14: Drawing parallels between the Paris and the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks in terms of low-cost and level of sophistication, security experts today said that the mayhem will be a "game changer" for how the West looks at the threat posed by terrorism.Over 120 people were killed as terrorists attacked sites throughout the French capital and at Stade de France stadium during a friendly football match between France and Germany.French President Francois Hollande was also present at the stadium when the attack occurred.John Miller, Deputy Commissioner of Intelligence and Counter-terrorism of the New York Police Department told CNN that the Paris attack resembles the Mumbai terrorist attack in terms of low-cost and low resources and it carried the various features of the 26/11. Bruce Hoffman, head of the national security programme at Georgetown University, referred to a call given by al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden five years ago to carry Mumbai-type attack across Europe. Webdings>n/Webdings> "The attacks show a level of sophistication we really haven"t seen in an urban area since 2008 in the attack in Mumbai," Michael Leiter said. Paris: No Indian casualty has been reported in the dreadful terror attacks in France that killed at least 127 people and injured nearly 200 others, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj said today. "I have spoken to Indian Ambassador in France.He has informed me that all Indians are safe. France has advised citizens to stay indoors," Swaraj, who is in Los Angeles to attend Regional Pravasi Bharatiya Divas (PBD, tweeted. Webdings>n/Webdings> Shocked survivors told how eight militants, all wearing suicide vests, stalked the city, indiscriminately gunning down people at bars and restaurants on a busy Friday night. Paris, Nov 14: At least 129 people were killed in a series of coordinated attacks by suicide bombers and gunmen in Paris at a concert hall, restaurants and the national sports stadium claimed by Islamic State jihadists today.French President Francois Hollande blamed the Islamic extremist group for the bloodshed and called the coordinated assault last night at six different sites an "act of war".Authorities identified the body of a French national known to the intelligence services near the Bataclan concert hall, where 82 people were killed by armed men who had shouted "Allahu akbar" ('God is greatest!' before gunning down concert-goers.Police sources said he was probably one of those who stormed the building as around 1,500 people were watching a Californian rock band. The discovery of a Syrian passport near the body of another of the assailants at the concert hall appeared to justify fears over the threat posed to Europe by extremism in the Middle East. The attacks, which saw the first-ever suicide bombings on French soil, were "prepared, organised and planned overseas, with help from inside (France which the investigation will establish," Hollande said.￭ Turn 