94)  Rahul's googly, bold leaderPM Modi, GST, such as inflation, expressed their views on hot issues, the Congress leader Rahul Gandhi has bold clean the entire community by making a sudden googly politicians.Took two-day, Rahul said that in their opinion the politicians should stay away from cricket. Rahul's statement was a sudden viral on social media, and now there are discussions on what is warning that Rahul. The large number of political parties, including the Congress. Leader occupies the cricket associations. During the discussion, the students from the Institute of Management at a major Rahul said, '' I do not think that politicians should stay close to the cricket administration. Operation of cricket cricketers should. '' Hiuiralle 2> 8 / hiuiralle 2> See also the Congress for three terms, Page 31, the GST rate is not more than 20 per cent of this system.2 proposed state tax on the ends.3 and resolve the dispute over revenue sharing for large machinery. Bouncers questions■ Despite the decline recorded in the prices of essential goods are expensive, why oil?■ million remaining from millions of low oil prices. Where the money went?■ The prices of pulses arrive Rs 230 per kg, how?■ Why use the selected entrepreneurs? Take from the Dharavi PM sabakamodi Entrepreneurship 'Make in India' Hitting on the initiative of the Prime Minister, Rahul Gandhi to visit Dharavi and asked to see himself that way entrepreneurship works. He said, '' PM before 'Make in Dharavi' to complete, if the 'Make in India' initiative will bring color. 'Dharavi slum, and there is a saikadaom small-scale industries. GST will be passed in 15 minutesRahul Gandhi said that the government as soon as his party would accept the conditions imposed by the Congress in support of the GST Bill in Parliament and only '15 minutes '' in this bill will be passed. It is possible to reach an agreement with the government on the GST. This may be sitting face to face on the table, but the government is not considering this.