156)  APJ Abdul Kalam -Full name: Abdul Kalam Abul pakira zainulabdinaBorn: October 15, 1 9 31 RameshwarCitizenship: IndiaNationality: IndianReligion: MuslimAwards: Padma Bhushan ',' Padma Bhushan ',' Bharat RatnaFather: Abdul jainulabadinaAbul Kalam pakira zainulabdina (Tamil: அவுல் பகீர் ஜைனுலாப்தீன் அப்துல் கலாம் (born October 15, 1 9 31, Tamil Nadu, India and Dr. A. P. Which. Abdul Kalam is known by the name. The eleventh President of India (25 July term, 2002 to July 25, 2007 CE was. Your agalya karyapaddhatimule they became popular President of the 'as.Table of contents1. Education2. Action3. Glory4. Dr. A. P. Which. Abdul Kalam's tenure5. Abdul Kalam has written books6. Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam wrote the names of the books yancyasambandhi7. ReferenceEducationHis father ramesvaramala the pilgrims are little dhanuskodila nenyaananyaca business. Dr. Kalam had completed his schooling ramanathapuramla. Father lost very young age, Dr. umbrella. Kalam sell newspapers in the city, as well as other small and large works by kamavita money to help at home. His childhood was too much trouble. They took extra special care while at school. They arrived at St. Joseph's College in Tiruchirapalli. There biessi. After he joined the Madras Institute of Technology. Did not have access to the money needed. Sister gave them to pledge their own jewelry. After the completion of this diploma eronotiksaca Institute, USA and NASA aerospace technology or the famous research institute trained for four months.Abdul Kalam was then 1 9 58 63 during the Defence Research and Development Organization (drdo relationship was.Action1 9 to 63 in the Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO rocket development esaelavhi (Satellite Launching Vehicle to take part in the research of Dr. lagaleindira Gandhi was Prime Minister at that time, India took up the integrated development of missile programs. Kalam again in the DRDO.Tevhapasunacica is their determination to build indigenous missiles. Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO and the satellite vehicle -3 lamncinga this project, they were major. Dr. Sarabhai of India's leading science technology. Kalam said a lot of efforts, the statement was made, they showed by meaningful kalamanni forward. Sarabhainceca named 'Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre, they were major.Sahakaryammadhila their best qualities and the emphasis is on the performance of the team than the individual work of art is to use them in the country's scientific progress. Vikasakaryamadhila missile "Agni" missile Dr. cacanimule successful. President of the world was much appreciated. While working as a scientific advisor to the Prime Minister of the country in terms of security, they have a number of effective planning policies. Defence Minister and DRDO's chief scientific adviser, and as they Arjuna emabiti (Main Battle Tank tank and kambeta Light Aircraft (LCA, the production played a role.Dr science with the ultimate possessor. Kalam mind are very sensitive and simple. Rudravina vajanyaca them, to chat with the children's hobbies. Government of India 'Padma Bhushan', 'padyavibhusana and 1 in 99 8' Bharat Ratna 'the highest honor them with this book. Dr. Kalam is unmarried and has plenty of vegetarian. India's dream to see developed in the next twenty years. Jagalele life tough childhood spent tireless efforts by the device, complete knowledge, and the world's largest democracy of the nation's President, Dr. the cost. Kalam, there is personality that always inspire the youth.Dr. APJ Abdul KalamGloryGovernment of India 'Padma Bhushan', 'Padma Bhushan' and 1 99 7 'Bharat Ratna' the highest honor them with this book. Born: October 15, 1 9 31 Rameshwar here.Education: svatrjha (? High School, Ramanathapuram. St. Joseph's College, Trinchinapally degree in Science stream . Diploma in Aeronautical Engineering from Chennai after the 1 9 .1 9 58: Senior Scientist in diaradio. While there hovarakrophta prototype (model hovercraft provisional was created. Hyderabad diaradio (nda Defence Research and Development Organisation 's director.1 9 62: While in Bangalore in the Indian space program. Aerodynamics design of plastic fiber rienaphorsda (phrapa to participate in this project.1 9 63 71: Vikram Sarabhai worked with. Thiruvananthapuram (Trivandrum at the Vikram Sarabhai Space Research Centre (ISRO satellite at launch vehicle (slav major program.1 9 78 to 86: Prof. Satish Dhawan work with.1 9 9 7: slav program director of flight1 9 9 7 80: esaelavhi -3 s Project Director at Thumba. (July 1 launch of the Rohini satellite into space 80 1 9 81: Padma Bhushan Award1 9 85: Trishul formation or agnibanaci.1 9 88: agnibanaci earth formation. Research Center building finished best maid.1 9 8 9: fire produced agnibanaci.1 99 0: the creation of the heavens and the citizens agnibananci.1 99 1: Scientific Advisor, Defense Minister D. RD O. Arjuna's head as they emabiti (Main Battle Tank and the tank kambeta Light Aircraft (elasie performed an important role in the creation.99 1 4: 'My Journey', published this collection of poems.25 Nov. 1 99 8: The Bharat Ratna Award.2001: Retired service.2002: Appointment of the President of India.Previous:KR Indian President NarayananJuly 25, 2002 - July 25, 2007, the following:Pratibha Patil