107)  jaisaca leader Massoud upon! Pakistan will become a haven for terrorism against India, Pakistan under pressure: Many dharapakada attack PathankotThe officer in the Chinese wireless carMaulana Masood Azhar Kandahar hijack case designed to free India from India Jaish e Mohammad sure about the magnitude of this attack Pathankot Organization. ISLAMABAD: The chief architect of the attack on the bottom of the Indian Air Force at Pathankot and Jaish-e-Mohammad, leader of the banned terrorist organization, Maulana Masood Azhar, detained in Pakistan's security agencies and his brother. Left or retired media reports. General Abdul Qadir Baluch has confirmed.Masood and his brother, the local news media have been kept in protective custody. The need to bring more information forward Pathankot India attack Pakistan's cooperation in the inquiry process is thought pathavinyacahi team Pathankot.Prime Minister of the shadow on the background of the Foreign Secretary-level talks on the uncertainties of a high-level meeting to review steps taken by Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan pathanakotaprakarani. Pakistan's Prime Minister's Office said in a statement after the meeting, the attack allegedly Pathankot has been remarkable progress in investigation of terrorist related ghatakanviruddha. Based on the information provided by India and Pakistan has been hit lock them find the primary investigative offices jaisaci addition to the arrest of many related Jaish e Mohammad.India-Pakistan Foreign Secretary level talks to be Friday. Pathankot attack will depend on the fate of Pakistan's swift and decisive karavaivaraca this discussion, the ultra warning India against Pakistan after the tadakaphadaki. Thursday is expected to decide this carcebabata. Pathankot Airport is the bottom of the attack and the investigation was a shocking reveal. Go to the senior police officer in the Punjab terrorists in the Chinese-made car wireless (wireless communication device is found. Terrorists had achieved the same car the night before the December 31 vayudalaca air base. Home Ministry spokesman said, the National Investigation Agency (NIA was found in the car or set up wireless builds Chinese. Has been dropped or yantratila information wirelessly, the device candigadasthita siephaesaelakade (Central Forensic Science Laboratory is sent for testing. Yantratila National Technical Research Organization to get information about the expert and the expert will check siephaesaelace jointly. That night there was a car into the area some distance away from the terror havaitala havaitala from. Samba was found last year in place of the attack on March 20, the same kind of wireless device, the spokesman said. Meanwhile, today, the third day was interrogated by police superintendent salavindara Singh. AnyThe challengeReady to meet the ArmyThe government is able and ready to cause the Indian Army sarmathapane any given campaign, the Army dalabirasinga suhag said. The current security situation is turning into a very complex and challenging. Running terrorist training camps in occupied Kashmir in the past 42. Are running at least 17 camps. Some years ago there was some international pressure to close the camps, said that suhag. Become a haven for terrorism in Pakistan in Washington: Do not accept the politics of religion and race, or anyone who target Opposition, appealed to US President Barack Obama said on Wednesday. Pakistan linked to the new terrorism, Afghanistan and the Middle East can become safe havens, they warned. Maulana Masood Azhar Kandahar hijack case designed to free India from India Jaish e Mohammad sure about the magnitude of this attack Pathankot Organization.