74)  a. P. J. Abdul KalamBorn October 15 1931 Rameswaram, Tamil NaduDeath: July 27, 20 15, Shillong, MeghalayaPosition / function: former President of IndiaAchievements: As a scientist and engineer the Defense Research and Development Organization (DRDO and Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO worked on several important projectsDr A. P. J. Abdul Kalam, an eminent Indian scientist and was the 11th President of India. Some of the most important organizations in the country (DRDO and ISRO worked. Pokhran-II nuclear tests in 1998, he also played an important role. Kalam, India's space program and missile development program was associated with. For this reason, the 'missile man' is called. Kalam, President of India was elected in 2002 after serving a period of 5 years, the teaching, writing, and returned to public service. India's highest civilian honor, the Bharat Ratna was awarded several prestigious awards.early lifeAvul Pkir Janulabidin Abdul Kalam born 15 October 1931 in a Muslim family, I used to Rameswaram in Tamil Nadu. His father was a sailor and his mother Ashiamma Janulabidin was a homemaker. His family's economic condition was not good, so he had to work at an early age. Kalam child to his father's financial help after school worked in newspaper distribution. Kalam in his school days in writing studies were normal and were willing to look forward to learning something new. He was hungry to learn in their studies were focused on the hours. He completed his schooling from Ramanathapuram Schwartz Matriculation school and then attended college in Tiruchirapalli St. Josephs, from which he graduated in physics in 1954. Then in 1955 he moved to Madras where he studied aerospace engineering. In 1960, Kalam Madras Institute of Technology engineering studies completed.CareersMadras Institute of Technology to study engineering after completing Kalam Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO, was drafted as a scientist. Kalam started his career by making the Indian army has designed a small helicopter. DRDO Kalam were not getting satisfaction from their work. Kalam Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru set up by the Indian National Committee for Space Research, was also a member. The famous space scientist Vikram Sarabhai had the opportunity to work with. In 1969, the transfer of Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO is in. Here he Satalait launch vehicle of India was appointed as director of the project. The success of this project, India's first satellite Rohini was founded in 1980 in Earth orbit. Joining Kalam ISRO's career was the turning point and when he began work on the project and launch vehicle Satalait they act as though they are the same, which they seem to mind.During 1963-64, he traveled to the US space organization NASA. Nuclear scientist Raja Ramana, who is in charge of India's first nuclear test, nuclear test in Pokhran in 1974, the Kalam also called to check.Their actions and successes in the seventies and eighties in India Kalam went round and his name became one of the nation's most distinguished scientists. His reputation was so moving the then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi, without the approval of his cabinet, he was allowed to work on a secret project.The Indian government's ambitious "Integrated Guided Missile Development Programme was in charge of the beginning Kalam. He was the project executive's home. Agni and Prithvi missiles, such as the project to the country's membership.From July 1992 to December 1999, Dr. Kalam, scientific adviser to the Prime Minister and the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO, was secretary. Meanwhile, India had its second nuclear test. He played a key role. R. He was coordinator of the project with Dr Kalam. The media coverage had made him the country's largest nuclear scientist.In 1998, Dr. Kalam Soma Raju heart doctor with a low price 'Coronary Stent' developed. It 'Kalam-Raju stent' was named.President of IndiaAs a defense scientist in view of their achievements and fame n. D. E. The coalition government, made them candidates for president in 2002. He defeated his rival Lakshmi Sehgal margin and 25 July 2002, took oath as the 11th President of India. Dr Kalam, who was the country's third president before becoming president he was awarded the Bharat Ratna said. Earlier, Dr Radhakrishnan and Dr. Zakir Hussain, before becoming president Bharat Ratna 'had been.During his tenure, the "people's president" was asked. At the end of his term, he also expressed his desire for a second term on the political parties due to a lack of opinion, he abandoned the idea.At the close of the 12th President Pratibha Patil's tenure, his name once again in the spotlight as the next possible president was not consensus but abandoned the idea because he Umidwari.After discharge from the presidency of the timePresident Kalam after being retired from teaching, writing, and research guidance are engaged in such activities and IIM, Shillong, Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, Indian Institute of Management, Indore, such as visiting professor at institutions involved . Also, he is a Fellow of the Indian Institute of Science Bangalore, Indian Institute of Space Science and Technology, Thiruvnanthpurm, the Chancellor, Anna University, Chennai, professor of aerospace engineering.He said. There. There. T. Hyderabad, Banaras Hindu University and Anna University Information Technology was also taught.Kalam improve the country's youth and their future were talking about. In the same respect for the country's youth, "What Can I Give" initiative is also aimed at eliminating corruption. Given his popularity in the youth of the country to them 2 times 'Mktizvil Youth Icon of the Year Award "was also nominated for.Was released in 2011 Hindi film 'I Am Kalam' is influenced by their life.In addition to teaching, Dr. Kalam wrote many books which are key - 'India 2020: A Vision for the New Millennium', 'Wings of Fire: An Autobiography', 'Ignited Minds: Unleashing the Power Within India,' Mission India ' 'indomitable spirit' etc.Awards and honorsHis work for the country and for society, Dr Kalam was honored with numerous awards. About 40 universities granted him an honorary doctorate and Padma Bhushan by the Government of India, India's highest civilian honor Padma Vibhushan and Bharat Ratna has.Died July 27, 2015. The Indian Institute of Management, Shillong, he suffered a heart attack while teaching in which millions of people have passed away otherworldly dear and beloved Dr. Abdul Kalam.