57)  Santhara ban onRajasthan High Court stayed the order of the Supreme CourtGross Jain Society President, Rajya Sabha MP Vijay Darda said that the response from the Supreme Court's stay order within gross Jain community has cemented the belief that a person can not Brgla Court giving inaccurate information. Temple of Justice finally get justice itself. Gross Jain community is relieved of the stay order and respect of traditions boosted. Gross national president of the Jain community as I respected the venerable saints and sages as well as to thank all the disciples and Sravikaon whose unity has helped it justice. All parts of Jainism remarkable solidarity and come together and walk on the path of Lord Mahavira achieved through non-violence is the truth. I hope that this unity to move forward on the path of development in society play a key role. Gawali mirth. New Delhi, August 31The last three weeks across the country to mobilize a broad range of Jains practice santhara or Snlekna (fasting until death but today the Supreme Court has provided vital relief to the arrangement, the Jain community. Rajasthan High Court stayed the decision of the Supreme Court, in which the practice was declared illegal.A bench of Chief Justice HL Dattu and Amitav Roy has said that he will study the judgment of the Rajasthan High Court. Court orders for four years under the High Court's decision may be stopped until the case comes to trial. The All India Council, three organizations and two-year-old Digambar Jain Jains Rajasthan High Court's decision was challenged in the Supreme Court. The High Court on August 10 stating santhara suicide as punishable under the Indian Penal Code had 306 and 309. As well as to defend it against the person who had asked to file a case against Section 306. The petition was filed on behalf of Aurangabad Sachin Zaveri, who defended ed. Sandeep Deshmukh said santhara require the consent of the family and relatives. Therefore it is not justified suicide Jodkna ties. Besides other aspects, the Supreme Court of the High Court judgment is withheld. Giving details of the decision of the Jain community who appeared lawyer Rajesh Jain.