63)  The housing will be Babasaheb National MonumentChaityabhoomi at Shivaji Park in Dadar in Mumbai Mahaparinirvana Dr. Day. Babasaheb Ambedkar Devendra Fadnavis pay tribute to the chief of state, Governor Ch. Vidyasagar Rao and others. Chandrapur. December 6 (RS ServicesChief Devendra Fadnavis said today all residences will be developed as a national monument, was where Babasaheb Ambedkar.Dr. Chandrapur. Babasaheb Ambedkar Stkottr Rupy Festival program committee, he said, '' Our government Indu mill, and a memorial in London Babasaheb while Japan Koyasan University has established his statue. The remaining space will be tagged too soon. 'In Mumbai, Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar's death anniversary tributes were paid. Located in Dadar Chaityabhoomi million followers today paid tributes at the memorial. Governor c. Vidyasagar Rao and Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis were among those who paid tribute to them in Chaityabhoomi at Shivaji Park in Dadar.Ambedkar's followers to their death 'Mahaparinirvana Day as celebrated. Fadnavis paid tribute, saying, '' the world's best manufacturer Bharat Ratna Dr Constitution. Babasaheb Ambedkar my hats. 'Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (MCGM had made elaborate arrangements to ensure that no untoward incident happen .Large. Scale arrangements: one official said, '' Dr. To pay homage to Ambedkar people coming from out of town for the 8000 sqm MCGM 'Dining Pavilion' is created.Meals and social organizations. For the first time we have created 200 mobile charging points. " Mai's village will be a model villageFinance Minister Sudhir Mungantiwar today Ramabai Ambedkar village located in the Ratnagiri district and announced that his model village model village to village to make 2 million in March. Is Rs.3lktata Motors sales network will treblePanaji: Tata Motors, India's passenger vehicle segment strategy of becoming the leading company plans to launch several new initiatives which tripled sales network, product portfolio, bridging the gap, including the manufacturing process and improve brand image. Company to cut costs at every level in the organization is initiated. At various levels as well as the manufacturing quality and is working on improving the efficiency of the labor force. Tata Motors president (passenger vehicle business Mayank Pareek consumer satisfaction that we are considering. And the sales network has expanded to include.