80)  "Start-up India 'is the last step towards the abolition of the license Raj: Arun JaitleyNew Delhi: Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has initiated a campaign to India start-up on Saturday mornings. Jaitley, delivered the inaugural address. "Start-up movement" under the call for the emphasis on promoting enterprises and young entrepreneurs on the ground level. Prime Minister Narendra Modi will formally start this campaign in the evenings.Arun Jaitley said, the government would announce a favorable tax system in next month's budget, which would encourage the start-up to establish in the country.He, in New Delhi, India Start-up "at the conference, said," We have worked on the entrepreneur-friendly tax system. Some of the initiatives that can be started by issuing notification. Some of the initiatives that will be pursued. There is a need for other legislative provisions that can only come as part of the Finance Bill, while the budget will be introduced to create a favorable taxation system in order to start up the units.He said that recognizing the need to encourage the start-up of units of the Fund was suggested in the previous budget year. Jaitley has assured the start up of units that will provide resources for both the government and the banking system.Stand-up scheme would also be introducedIn addition, the Finance Minister said that the Government of the start-up 'Stand up India' scheme will offer, under which the banks will give loans to the branches of the SC-ST and women entrepreneurs. He said, 'on the occasion of Independence Day, Prime Minister, Narendra Modi,' Stand up India "plan was announced. Standup India will be introduced separately. This is a program under which the loan has been paid to the banks for the provision of the SC-ST entrepreneurs and female entrepreneurs. These segments were not out of the entrepreneur. "He said, "Every branch of the bank, the public sector or the private sector apanaegi start up a women's unit, and a wage ST-SC. Therefore, they will adopt the two entrepreneurs to set up and will fund the establishment. ' He said that the volume of business or be ready for more than 300,000 new entrepreneurs in the next two years with funding from the manufacturing establishments.Finance Minister, Jaitley said that the government is making it easier for businesses to ease the process and to promote the start-up. He said, "It makes a difference, and it is notable that the events of this last one with the final separation of the License Raj, India's traditional."