6)  Deradicalisation drive can curb anti-national activitiesSenior IPS officers said that while in the seven years things have changed on the security front, cities like Mumbai, continue to be sitting ducks. "There are CCTV cameras, but are all functional? Is it possible to frisk each and every passenger on local trains? Aren't there multiple entry and exit points on railway stations which are unmanned?" he said also pointing out the challenges that the marine police are facing in securing the Maharashtra coast. dippy vankanimumbai, nov. 25"Ismael Omar Mostefai, an attacker of 13/11 raids in Paris was marked by the France police for being radicalised but no efforts were made to deradicalise him," said a senior officer from the MaharashtraAnti-Terrorism Squad (ATS.He added, "Identifying them right at the budding stage and deradicalsing gullible youth is the only key to avert such attacks. The ATS that has launched a massive deradicalisation programme in the state believes that family members, who observe changes in their child, should be the first ones to inform the police who can help them by engaging community leaders.While the state continues to remain vulnerable to 26/11 type of attacks, officials in the security agencies are trying to learn a few lessons from the recent attacks in Paris. A highly placed source in R&AW also told Lokmat Times about the challenges being faced by the intelligence mechanism as the perpetrators of such attacks are spread in various countries at different stages."We have been talking to Maulanas in Mumbai, Pune, Solapur, Sangli and Satara that they should educate the youth about how the ideology of the ISIS is wrong. We also tell people that the four Kalyan youth, who left homes to join ISIS, could have been stopped had their friends and family members approached the police or the community leaders on seeing behavioural changes in them," said a senior IPS officer.The officer said that they successfully deradicalised several youth including four from Naya Nagar in Mira Road and Zuber Ansari from Navi Mumbai who wanted to join ISIS. "We have also blocked several websites like www.isdarat.in that were spreading the ideology of the ISIS," he said.An R&AW official, who just returned from an assignment abroad and is currently based out of Madhya Pradesh said, "The Paris attacks were planned in Syria, executors were from Algeria, Belgium, Syria etc and the attacks were executed in France.Now, perpetrators from multiple countries are involved in attacks making the intelligence gathering mechanism more complex by the day. It is also because people are influenced through social media and the Internet gives them a chance to assemble on one forum."An officer, who was going through the Yasin Bhatkal's module to study how they functioned so far, said that there were many takeaways from the Paris attacks for both the citizens and the police."The people in Paris did not venture out unless it was needed and they did not come in the way of police. They also set up a website where stranded foreigners can stay in houses of volunteering citizens. The taxi drivers turned their meters off and helped those in need," he said.For the authorities too, there were many lessons to learn. "The communication with hospitals, blood banks, fire brigade, control rooms were simply amazing. Also, the policemen looked very well trained, wore very safe gear, had best of the firearms and the co-ordination between police teams was also good. There was not a single police casualty," he said. Schoolchildren draw and paint images of police and army personnel who lost their lives in the November 2008 terror attacks and recent Paris attacks, outside the Taj Mahal Palace hotel in Mumbai on Wednesday. lThe standard operating procedure (SOP of Mumbai police now after the 26/11 attacks:lThe Zonal DCP becomes an incident commander and is the first one responsible to get into action.lThe commissioner will form a Crisis Management group that will include all four joint commissioners, ATS chief and Commissioner himself.lForce One commandos will be the direct combat force on the ground.lThe ATS chief's role will be to assess threat on ground. To evolve strategies of counter attack, liasoning with Force One and NSG Senior IPS officers said that while in the seven years things have changed on the security front, cities like Mumbai, continue to be sitting ducks. "There are CCTV cameras, but are all functional? Is it possible to frisk each and every passenger on local trains? Aren't there multiple entry and exit points on railway stations which are unmanned?" he said also pointing out the challenges that the marine police are facing in securing the Maharashtra coast.     