120) , the Indo-Pak talks postponed 'goal', but no: Pathankot attack Pakistan Airlines devastation office temporary setback.New Delhi: Narendra Modi kabulahuna Lahore and made a sudden return to resume the bilateral dialogue between Pakistan and throughout the year, and India jam favorable backdrop Pathankot air force not to be embittered to rule Thursday on the bottom of the terrorist attack showed the two countries. India's Foreign Secretary S. before the appointed Program. Islamabad on Friday for talks with their Pakistani counterparts would JAISHANKAR official. But Pathankot hallyamagila "Jaish-e-Mohammed 'organization until the result of concrete action by the government against Pakistan decided to join the talks postponed mutually agreed by both countries.Pakistan's foreign ministry said on Friday postponed a planned discussion on Thursday morning ahead of the first announced. India's Foreign Ministry confirmed this evening, and the discussion made it clear that the new timetable for determining the country in touch with each other. Even if a special investigation team to check out the attacks Pathankot (ATS have agreed to a proposal by India and Pakistan to send. Pakistan's cooperation in this investigation will be haratarhece squad, said Foreign Ministry spokesman also made it clear that the nature of the development. However, jaisaca leader Masood Azhar, a Pakistani prasiddhimadhyamanni Wednesday confirmed the absence of continued uncertainty masudavisayici both governments were given to the detained. How serious is the fact that Massoud upon to Pakistan, India decided to stay on in the day there should be a little more likely to discuss planned without clear, the formulas that intimate feel.Ejaz Ahmed Chaudhry, Pakistan's Foreign Secretary and Foreign Secretary JAISHANKAR spoke with each other. Discussion programs both countries' even in the near future will be decided, he decided. (Plebiscite News Network has been postponed to Friday, Pakistan announced the planned discussion on Thursday morning. India confirmed this evening. NEW DELHI: Pakistan International Airlines Barakhamba line (piayae attacked a group of the organization's office on Thursday, right. Police rushed to the scene after noon. Deputy Commissioner of Police (New Delhi Jatin Narwal said that appropriate action will be confirmed to the phenomena. Last year, there was excitement in the house after the police beef up being a isamane Delhi Kerala. The matter was discussed at the political level. Some belong to the same person, they said they found wearing a preliminary investigation dhudagusa piayae office. Preventing Extreme roleThe suspicion of Pakistan's hand in the attack Pathankot, Jaish-e-Mohammad, a terrorist organization, has welcomed India have detained dozens of people. The action was a real need to focus on India not use hollow declarations. Jaish-e-Mohammad after the action on the 'important and positive first step, "said to be India. Pathankot not involved in the attack, Pakistani elements, saying that this is not part of Pakistan at the time shook. And India did not abort your discussion along. The last time this happened in the past to avoid the countries or both. Pakistan's positive actionForeign Ministry spokesman Vikas Swarup told reporters that '' Pathankot bottom attacks Pakistan government investigation principles terror related attack his statement on Wednesday 'important progress' has been declared to be in. '' Jaish-e-mahammadavirodhata Action taken the positive is the first step. Jaish-e-Mohammed chief Masood Azhar, said the news on Wednesday, the Pakistani media that the detention and to the Indian prasaramadhyamannihi; However, the news was false. But India is not the issue of discussion in this sthanabaddhatesi added.