9)  129 killed in Paris terror attackAnalysts at Eurasia Group said the attacks "confirm a structural shift in the modus operandi of the Islamic State, and represent a prelude to additional attacks in the West." The streets of the French capital were eerily quiet today, as authorities declared a state of national emergency following the worst attacks in Europe since the 2004 Madrid train bombings.While many residents stayed inside out of fear, hundreds gathered spontaneously at blood donation centres while others flocked to place candles and flowers at the sites where people had died.The attack on the Bataclan took place a short distance from the former offices of Charlie Hebdo magazine that was attacked by jihadists in January. Like those attacks, the massacre sparked an outpouring of emotion around the world, with London"s Tower Bridge, Berlin"s Brandenberg Gate and New York"s World Trade Center all illuminated in the red, white and blue of the French tricolore.Shocked survivors told how eight militants, all wearing suicide vests, stalked the city, indiscriminately gunning down people at bars and restaurants on a busy Friday night.In the worst of the bloodshed, dozens of people were mown down at a sold-out show by American rock group Eagles of Death Metal. The gunmen then began executing hostages one by one, witnesses said.They didn"t stop firing. There was blood everywhere, corpses everywhere. Everyone was trying to flee," Pierre Janaszak, a radio presenter who was at the concert, said. The gunmen were heard raging at Hollande and his decision in September to begin air strikes on Islamic State jihadists in Syria."I clearly heard them say "It"s the fault of Hollande, it"s the fault of your president, he should not have intervened in Syria"," Janaszak added.The band survived the attack but abruptly cut short their European tour and have returned to the United States, the concert promoters said. As heavily-armed police stormed the Bataclan at around 12.30 am (2330 GMT, three of the gunmen blew themselves up, while a fourth was hit by police fire.A police officer who took part in the storming of the building told AFP: "It was horrible inside, a bloodbath, people shot in the head, people who were shot as they were lying on the ground." In a statement posted online today, IS said "eight brothers wearing explosive belts and carrying assault rifles" conducted a "blessed attack on... Crusader France" saying the targets were "carefully chosen".