10)  Irani: Children will be encouraged to visit soldiers on borders  "Our effort is that on January 26, we hold a programme "Seema Darshan". Our soldiers are posted on borders. There some selected children from states should go and see how the security forces work," the Human Resource Development (HRD Minister said. New Delhi, Nov 14: Children would be encouraged to visit soldiers on the borders to develop a better understanding and convey the nation"s gratitude for their services, Union minister Smriti Irani said today."Our effort is that on January 26, we hold a programme "Seema Darshan". Our soldiers are posted on borders. There some selected children from states should go and see how the security forces work," the Human Resource Development (HRD Minister said.She said during wartime, artistes used to go to borders to ensure that the morale of soldiers remains high."Today it is peace time. Art can cross boundaries to take the message of peace to the whole world. I ask the National Bal Bhawan that child artistes who perform exceptionally should go to our borders and perform before our army jawans," she said. She said the children would demonstrate to the jawans how they are preserving and taking forward the cultural legacy that the armed forces are protecting.At an event organised at the National Bal Bhawan on the occasion of Chilren"s Day here, the HRD minister asked the organisers to select children who would participate in this programme.Irani also said that Kala Utsav" would be held in December where school children from various states would participate and showcase their culture and art. She said there will be a competition and the winning school will be awarded Rs 5 lakh. The HRD minister also claimed that in one year, with the cooperation of all states, all government schools have separate toilet for girls.Irani also said that Bal Shree awards will be conferred in January.She also complimented teachers who go beyond their call of duty to help children prepare for cultural events.