27)  Terror strikes JakartaJakarta, Jan. 14: Islamic State suicide bombers and gunmen today struck at the heart of the capital of Muslim- majority Indonesia, executing a Westerner and killing a local while blowing up a Starbucks cafe, leaving five attackers dead in the ensuing firing.In an assault that bore the hallmarks of the Paris attacks, five extremists detonated explosives, setting off six explosions, and shot at people in a district packed with malls, embassies and UN offices.The assault left an Indonesian man dead and 20 other people injured, and a police post destroyed, in what the country"s president dubbed "acts of terror".Hours after the attack, the Islamic State group claimed responsibility, saying it was carried out by "soldiers of the caliphate" who targeted a gathering of citizens from the "crusader coalition," referring to the US-led alliance combating the jihadists.Jakarta police earlier said the attack was carried out by a network with links to IS in Syria and indicated Indonesian extremist Bahrum Naim, thought to have joined the jihadists, may have been involved in plotting it.The IS attack will send a chill through Indonesia and other parts of Southeast Asia with Muslim populations, where there are fears extremists bloodied on Middle Eastern battlefields could have brought their jihad home.Police said the five-strong cell that struck today included three suicide bombers who initially targeted a Starbucks near a major shopping mall.After the first explosion, men armed with pistols took two foreigners hostage -- an Algerian and a man Ottawa said they had been told by Indonesian authorities was a Canadian. National police spokesman Anton Charliyan said the Algerian managed to escape with bullet wounds, but the second man was shot dead on the spot.Now, IndonesiaAfter Paris in November 2015, and then Istanbul yesterday the forces of jihadist terror have struck again targeting another world capital- this time Indonesia's Jakarta leaving seven people dead and scores others injured. The attack in Jakarta falls in the category of 'Marauding Terrorist Firearms Attack', or 'MTFA' for short, in which there is a sudden appearance of an unknown number of gunmen rampaging through the heart of an urban area, intent on killing as many people as possible and securing themselves maximum publicity. It involved a siege near a Starbucks cafe and Sarinah's, Jakarta's oldest department store and the security forces took nearly five hours to end the horror. In the intervening period, there were six explosions and multiple gun fights. The ISIS has accepted the responsibility for the attack and its linked news agency Aamaaq has said that the group had carried out the attack targeting "foreigners and the security forces tasked with protecting them in the Indonesian capital." The site of the attack was well chosen for maximum impact and spreading terror on Jalan Thamrin, a major thoroughfare through the Indonesian capital. The Starbucks store at the Sarinah shopping mall that is across an intersection from the UN's main offices in Jakarta in a crowded commercial district of the capital also occupied by office complexes, high-end hotels and a number of embassies including Pakistan was also handpicked to launch the suicide attack. It is a different matter that Indonesia has the largest Muslim population of any country in the world, and has long been both an incubator for and target of extremism. But this time terror has returned after a long hiatus after the July 2009 twin suicide blasts at the JW Marriott and Ritz-Carlton hotels that left seven people dead, six of them foreign nationals. This time there has been apprehension that the 500-700 Indonesians who have joined the Islamic State group in Iraq and Syria could return home and spark such attacks. In the past four weeks, the security forces have made several arrests suspecting the presence of ISIS-linked groups not just in Jakarta, but also Central Java, Makassar, Bukittinggi. According to the Jakarta police chief Tito Karnavian, the ISIS is behind the attack and an Indonesian national, Bahrun Naim, who is believed to be in Syria, was "planning this for a while" and is behind this attack. Besides, the police have claimed that the group had earlier warned of a "concert in Indonesia" which would be international news. The challenge for the Indonesian authorities is to prevent the recurrence of such attacks as already fears are being expressed that Bali could be the next target. In the past, Indonesia has fought home grown militancy and deadly attacks. But this time effectively defeating the ISIS challenge requires better intelligence and more effective sharing of information among the people who need to know it. At least Indonesian president Joko "Jokowi" Widodo, is firm and has ordered the nation's security authorities to "hunt and capture" the parties involved in the attacks. Such incidents cause extreme grief, but the need is to fight this pain with a resolve to end such terror attacks.     