132)  hydrogen bombs convulse the world! Fury: A. Many nations protested Korea testSeoul: the world and going a step further towards the outstanding savatakhali postponement of Wednesday North Korea successfully tested a hydrogen bomb. As a result of this test was a great earthquake, but much bigger than all of mankind who sat quake safety award. This test has shaken up the world, are on umatalya kickback.These terms and earned a tool to protect the country from the United States and other enemies in North Korea is watching this test, but the full their neighbors. Korea and the United States has felt cahula rastrannahi future waste. That the United Nations Security Council is meeting wanted immediate emergency. The danger of bringing international peace. Restrictions koriyavarila large increase is likely.Without taking anyone by surprise this product trials. Korean neighbors China, South Korea and Japan have expressed their protest.the opinion that the war dhokaca (page 5 to give the sign voice .. this thrilling YearHadaravanyace hydrogen bomb testing and the whole world was given three weeks indicated Kim Jong unane. 2016 of the hydrogen to the thrilling voice and your world socialist republic, anusaktine Workers Party of Korea and the country will be ready for such attention, such as the words in the word. 1 is a hydrogen bomb in the nuclear fission (particles go away from each other process is used, but fusion (contact particles was in the process of using the hydrogen bomb.Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe told only two days ago made an agreement with Russian President Putin met betambabata stranded seven decades. While welcoming the world, this is expressed trials was crack international peace. Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said the test, expressed 2 hydrogen bomb in the areas of fuel is one, but the second part of the work trigarapramane.Can be several times more powerful than the nuclear bomb 3 hydrogen.4 hydrogen bomb explosion nuclear phyujanamule of 400 degrees and a knowledge companies can grow earth. A. 5.1 Richter scale was recorded in parts of the trial by Korea.4 hydrogen bomb explosion nuclear phyujanamule of 400 degrees and a knowledge companies can grow earth. A. 5.1 Richter scale was recorded in parts of the trial by Korea.5 not yet decided whether to use the hydrogen bomb test, but the answer. Boosted bomb should be used in Korea, some experts are of the opinion that it raises. Bamboo curtain into movement: North Korea and the ongoing secret as suspicious activity, the reality of this country do not understand properly any information. Father came to power after the death of Kim Jong those in power, their vayavaruna been destroyed khillihi Western country. However, Kim Jong unanehi vadilampramane showed his power and that shortly grip on the country. 2002In North. Korea secretly confessed that this anukaryakrama. Then shock the world by the nuclear tests in October 2006 at pyunge save. 200 9madhye they showed by more successful tests. 2012In North. Korea roketacihi was tested, then the nuclear tests conducted in 2013. So the answer. South Korea has expressed fears koriyabaddala always. North koriyabaddalaJapan was due to the settlement of the Korean War would have surrendered after another. In North Korea, and was part of two 1 9 48 South. North Korea if the South went to the United States, Russia, the clique clique. 1 9 1 9 50 53 Korea was war. China, North Korea, Japan pyungeyi re-kinlju sea Pyongyang, Seoul, South Korea on the Yellow Sea Kim Jong.