108)  Elgar Congress! Karjamaphivaruna Legislative Conference disorder waiver for V Front: The government should not rule waiver; While this will not in sessionNagpur: The total debt relief to farmers, according to, unanimously demanded that the Nagpur Congress on Tuesday left dananuna. Millions of farmers in the selection of the government against rajyabharatuna called Elgar. The government is still stuck in the discussions and announcements. Now is the time for action. If not waiver, even if the Congress will bear hard step, given that isarahi Congress on the occasion of the march. Morcha leaders in the new Congress of the unprecedented enthusiasm, but the ruling party leaders were stunned.Drought, farmers suicides, debt relief, increase without hamibhavata, alliance with the Shiv Sena-BJP government did nothing to solve the problems like inflation last year, alleging that the Winter Assembly session of Congress on Tuesday hit Removing Front V. The ruling BJP-Shiv Sena Morcha (on page  will some coalition government, the people had hope. Waited all year round, but there was not. The patent was false. The number of people participating in the march of millions. This brought not hire people, it is people's government Elgar.- Ashok Chavan, state Congress government did not have time to hear the suffering of farmers. Empty announcement is being cheated by the people. Now debt relief should not be announced. While this will not in session.- Prithviraj Chavan, former chief minister Anwar throw boastful Thapa government. No assurance given is not complete. While anti-government party of 302 to claim Devendra had booked. This government came to power, from 3 thousand farmers have committed suicide. So the case of 302 accountant's or government request.- Narayan Rane, a former chief accountant with the Chief Minister to discuss the eu 8 ">C / r 8 eu '> Legislative leaders of the Congress delegation led by state Ashok Chavan gave a statement after the march's demands and meet the chief minister Devendra Bhavan. The eu 8 ">C / r 8 eu '> Since the start of the session a decision can not be released now. The decision will be discussed by the legislature, the Chief Minister assured that the accountant said. The eu 8 ">C / r 8 eu '> CM decided not matter, if Congress will bear the next step, warned Ashok Chavan said at a press conference. 2 million people were involved in the protest, they claim at this time. Opposition parties created the first action when the state government debate on the question of farmers confusion karjamaphivaruna Legislative Council, then discussions that took an aggressive posture. Announce the karjamaphici that aggressive role confusion Legislative Council laid parties taking anti Tuesday. House leaders of Congress and NCP together quite slogans. This work had to be adjourned for the day after the beginning of the two. If you want to discuss debt relief Winter session? If the House reduced the debt of the year, five-star Mumbai hotel basement commercial use confused politics of the Congress will leave special page / 5 coalition government on Tuesday when President Ashok Chavan Assembly Winter Session of the Congress of Virat drawn protest leadership.