26)  'Dangerous chemical' may have killed Sunanda: FBINew Delhi, jan. 15The case of sensational death of Sunanda Pushkar, wife of Congress leader Shashi Tharoor, reached a new stage with the FBI endorsing the AIIMS report of poisoning as the cause and also saying that a "dangerous chemical" was present in her body that may have killed her.Disclosing the receipt of the AIIMS report analysing the FBI conclusions, Delhi Police Commissioner B S Bassi told the media that Sunanda"s death was not natural but ruled out the presence of radioactive material in her viscera.Sudhir Gupta, head of AIIMS Forensic Science department, said the FBI report also said the death was due to poisoning as was concluded by the AIIMS."One thing is clear that the death was not natural. It was unnatural as per our investigation till now and evidence collected so far. I can say that with certainty," Bassi told reporters here.He further said, "I have no knowledge on the mention of any dangerous chemical in the FBI report. The FBI report had said none of the samples contained any radioactive material. I can confirm there"s no radiaoactive material but certain other findings are there. We had given the entire report to the medical board which has examined and gave us a report." Gupta said FBI has not ruled out completely the presence of radioactive substances in viscera samples. "But due to degraded condition of the viscera samples, they could not read the intensity of the substances."He said the FBI analysis of stomach, spleen, liver, kidney and urine has endorsed the cause of death saying that "the same poison is present in all the viscera"."It also endorsed the AIIMS post-mortem report saying cause of death is poisoning. However, FBI additionally mentioned the presence of a dangerous chemical which may be cause of the death if given injectable," Gupta said.In January last year, Delhi Police had registered a case of murder in connection with the death of Sunanda. An AIIMS medical board had found poisoning as reason for her death following which the police had sent her viscera samples to an FBI lab in Washington last year.There was earlier speculation that Sunanda may have died as a result of poisoning through radioactive substances.The FBI had sent its report to Delhi Police two months ago. The report said the radiation levels in Sunanda"s viscera samples were "within the standard safety norms" besides mentioning other details.The former Union minister's answers could help police fill the gaps exposed by the viscera report's findings. He is likely to be questioned in November-end after police commissioner B S Bassi returns from the US.The questionnaire will focus on ascertaining the source of the suspicious substances found in Pushkar's viscera. Police want to know how medicines such as Alprax were obtained and whether she took them after her argument with Tharoor, or in his absence."If Sunanda indeed poisoned herself with these medicines, the SIT will focus on finding out the trigger for suicide. Did she overdose herself as a result of whatever happened between the couple? The abetment angle will be explored," a top officer told TOI.Police also want to know who prescribed the medicines to Pushkar, and why was she allowed to consume them recklessly. There were many discrepancies in the account Tharoor gave of Pushkar's ailments and he allegedly interfered with the medical team initially by suggesting causes of her death citing other doctors' opinions. One of these was that she died from drinking coconut water. He had requested the team to look into the opinions.The SIT has to find out the quantity of alcohol and coffee consumed by Sunanda before her death. It has obtained the cafe bills for suite number 345 at Leela Hotel for January 15-17, 2014, and recorded the statements of room service personnel and other hotel staff. Pushkar died on January 17.     