167)  Williams fought victory"I have been playing without pressure, when the fighting was difficult. I note again gavasela hope. ''- Serena Williams New York: The world rankings into the third round of the US Open women's singles tennis tournament after disappointing initial savaratana Serena Williams and the top, but the men's singles Rafael nadalanehi the quarterfinals.After Steffi Graf SSerena Williams, who for the first time trying to fight through 110 calendar grendaslema bartensaci Kiki seeded with 7-6, 6-3 to break out. Williams made mistakes and done wrong, 10 doubles, 34 talanyajogya.Williams and the US will have to face the challenge of Sands Bethanie Mattek. Samdsane home brother Coco vandevegeca 6-2, 6-1 defeat.Get the men and the eighth-seeded Nadal ajrentina milavinarya 14 times the value of the title grendaslema Diego svatrjamenaca 7-6, 6-3, 7-5 defeat. The top-seeded Nadal is likely to meet Novak Djokovic in the quarterfinals. Past champion Marin silica and entered the next round also received the seventh-seeded David Ferrer. Croatia received the ninth-seeded Russian Evgeny donskayaca silicane 6-2, 6-3, 7-5 defeat. Spain's Ferrer seeded received 102 Philip krojinovicaca 7-5, 7-5, 7-6 defeat by. (IANS World number one Novak Djokovic US Serena viliyamsasaha awards ceremony presenting your dance skills have amazed everyone who dance on the second round of the ladhatidaramyana Court. Red T-shirt with Djokovic in the men's singles second round match of the 52 th seeded Andriy Haider Moreira 6-4, 6-1, 6-2, and then played while dancing on the court. At that time, he was wearing a T-shirt phenane visit. New York, NY, which is written on. Cahatyane own this T-shirt with the tenisapatula the top world rankings. Dance to the court and requested his cahatyane Serbian Djokovic made without objection or request cahatyaci player. Djokovic began to dance while thirakayala cahatehi present at the stadium. Djokovic will they escalated. Djokovic was in the stadium to create a different environment nrtyamule. 8 the eu '> c / r 8 eu'> won the Indian tennis star. Veteran Leander Paes and Rohan Bopanna reached the men's doubles, mixed doubles second round. The eu 8 ">C / r 8 eu '> Paes and Martina Hingis 6-2, and the pair of local Taylor Fritts and Harry C. Louis, 6-2. The fourth-seeded Paes said Hingis taking just 46 minutes to win the match. Hingis also be subject to the Indo-Canadian and Australian Nick kirgiyosa yujini bucarda and New Zealand and Ukraine Artem and Alina svitolina sitaka between winning pair of avhanala. Bopanna and fluorine majirya by Nicholas Monroe of the United States and kraijeka Austin 6-3, 6-4. 5 minutes in an hour or the sixth seeded pair won. Now they will have to face the challenge of gondalesa Poland mariuja phraistenabarga and sentiyago. Phraistenabarga-Gonzales pair and Poland's Jerzy janovica tomaja bedanareka pair 6-7, 7-6, 6-4. '' I have been playing without pressure, when the match was difficult. I note again gavasela hope. ''