51)  Pak will again dared not like 26/11 Mumbai terror attack victims in front of the Taj Mahal hotel takes foreign tourists on Wednesday Selfi Jodkak Leopold Cafe is now buzzing. Even those who are living in fear Nariman House . The bullets of terrorists during 26/11 ribbed the old door of Nariman House, which has now been removed. The location was the iron gate  claimed. Thatte dyed. Mumbai, November 25The dark night of November with the intention of devastation came in small kayak Indeed there were terrorists from Pakistan. Pakistani rations, Chickpea, satellite phone, a lot of ammunition and automatic weapons. Our country's best anti-terrorist unit of the National Security Guard, Marine commandos, military and armed police squad of Mumbai to overcome these suicide Dhstwadion took more than 60 hours. TRP of media competition. And lack of government control black handiwork of terrorists in the world. Mumbai 164 deaths a Bdli paid the price. Seven years have passed, but the government has not touched perpetrators. Yes, captured alive. Ajmal Kasab, the lone terrorist is certainly settle accounts. The attack an indelible stain on the honor of the country did not want to leave. has gone. However, we can certainly say that this kind of Pakistan dared not to think again. Even in 2008, we opened positions on the border, but now we have our 'mind' on the ground with mortars and ammunition to Pakistan people are frequent. Whenever he is Todkta ceasefire Munhtod him. The answer is found.In today's reality has changed very Bdka ISIS his identity from the Middle East have made access to the heart of Europe, Paris. India is not insulated from the scope of IAS Bdkte! With Bengal, according to new intelligence Hyderabad, Maharashtra, Jammu and Kashmir, parts of Uttar Pradesh on the Internet is seen Bdlti interested in IS. Alliance forces of vicious attacks Bejar IS is now looking for locations where the threat diminishes him. He looks excited about India in the east. To deal with terror attacks must be action on three levels before, during and after the invasion attack. So, after 26/11 we NTRO government intelligence agencies, RAW, IB, army, navy and air force units of the communication has much fitter. Within the country and from outside the telephone, e-mail and other means will have to watch. Satellite is exclusive look at the conversation. Navy has strengthened surveillance system and a control panel is built in Gurgaon, which is providing the information in an integrated framework.The Bdka question that we are able to do so many years later that a similar incident never happens again? Nowhere in the country is something we have to deal with it better safety net? CCTV cameras, the blockade are totally serious about us? What we in pitch darkness of the night on the beach and limit the devices are equipped with all necessary for observation.We? The key question we periodically make their arrangements and rehearsals? Crowd. Face and voice recognition in the appropriate techniques and sharing of intelligence with other countries to be worked on.In all sections of society that would explain that IS our youth and their Brenvos console-woo because so far six of the 23 Indian youths have lost their lives by joining suicide squads. IS Bdkte threat to the government will have to implement its policy so think before! If we do not want a recurrence of massacres of Mumbai and Paris, we have left a lot to learn from those attacks. There are many questions, but their preparations for us to learn and perfect the next blast will have to wait!Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus was also struck by terrorists. Today it is welcoming travelers with glory.