144)  indrani and opinions in judicial custodyPeter Mukherjee inquiries: Maria Khar police station again, Kolkata KhannaMumbai: Sheena Bora murder case accused Indrani Mukherjee and her black driver make known the Bandra Metropolitan Magistrate Court sent in judicial custody. As well as to ascertain the information he indranica second husband, the police said Sanjeev khannane been taken at Kolkata.The three accused in custody after the date of the Bandra Metropolitan Magistrate on Monday. R. As was here before. Indrani Roy of custody and did not need a special prosecutor told the court bagade glory. So, in order to verify the information given to him in the morning khannane aircraft will be brought before the court after his return to Mumbai alemangalavari taken at Kolkata. Or there will be a court in Kolkata. For a day to increase his custody, and demanded. Bagade said.Khanna's lawyer opposed him. The court refused to issue any orders in the absence of Khanna Indrani and judicial custody and sent to make known. Indrani's lawyer said Gunjan Mangala allow her family to a meal in jail, that made the request. The next hearing will be on Thursday, the court said.Indrani Mukherjee, Shyam Rai was sent to judicial custody after Mumbai Police Commissioner Rakesh Maria said the achievement of Khar police station at around 7 pm on Monday. Mariyansobata Joint Commissioner (and the start was Deven Bharati. The doghamadhica indranice husband Peter Mukherjee were present Khar police station. Khar police were investigating the afternoon from Peter. Maria and Peter said Bharti is understood that the inquiry assets. Indrani Byculla Jail: Bandra Magistrate Court in Byculla women's jail was closed in the evening sunavalelya Indrani mukharjila judicial custody. Until now, security will have to be removed in the same indranila days in jail. The decision was likely to get a meal on the house until her application on September 10, the court will have to settle for jail food, but eat what the other women prisoners. Sheena Bora murder case of Indrani mukharjica driver Shyam Rai was the Bandra Metropolitan Magistrate court. Omkar kocarekara