161)  He will not like Pak againThe Taj Mahal hotel in Mumbai before the terrorist attacks in Bali takes foreign tourists on Wednesday Jodkak Selfi 26/11 of Leopold Cafe is now buzzing. Even fear Nariman House (above who are living in. During the 26/11 terror has now been removed from the bullets, which Nariman House, the Old door ribbed. Location was the iron door (above has claimed. Thatte dyed. Mumbai, Nov 25The purpose of the devastation were indeed terrorists from Pakistan in November darkness there was a small little Eskimos skin. Pakistani rations, chickpea ,, satellite phone, a lot of ammunition and automatic weapons. In our country, the best anti-terrorist unit of the National Security Guard, Marine commandos, military and Mumbai were more than 60 Dhstwadion hours to overcome the suicide squad armed. TRP Media Day. And the lack of control of black handiwork of terror in the world. Mumbai 164 deaths had to pay a price Bdli. Seven years have passed, but the government did not touch the perpetrators. Yes, captured alive. Ajmal Kasab, the lone terrorist is certainly settle accounts. Indelible stain on the honor of an attack would not want to leave the country. Is. However, we can certainly say that dare not think about it again this kind of Pakistan. As in 2008, we opened positions on the border, but now we have frequent and tank ammunition to the people of Pakistan on the ground of our 'mind' is. Munhtod him when he is a prisoner of war Todkta. The answer is found.In today's reality in Europe, Paris is the favorite has been changed into the ISIS Bdka its identity from the Middle East. Not far from the scope of IAS Indian Bdkte! Bengal, the new spy Hyderabad, Maharashtra, according to Jammu and Kashmir, Uttar Pradesh, on the Internet is part of Bdlti seem interested. The risk of attacks on coalition forces, he is looking for a place now where Bejar low. He seems eager to East India. After the attack, and during the campaign, with terrorist attacks must be taken before the three levels. So, we then 26/11 RAW, IB, communication Army, Navy and Air Force is much fitter units, government intelligence agencies NTRO. Out of the country and the telephone, e-mail and other means will have to see. Satellite conversation is a special appearance. Navy has strengthened surveillance system and a control panel integrated framework is not information, which Gurgaon, is built.Bdka question that we are able to do it for many years after a similar incident never happens again? We have something to deal with it better safety net anywhere in the country? CCTV cameras, we are completely serious blockade? What is the pitch darkness of the night on the beach and we are equipped with all the tools they need to observation.We limited? We regularly question their system and that rehearsals? Crowd. The proper techniques and other countries do share intelligence face and voice recognition.Will be clear that all aspects of our society are young and lost their lives so far joined by six teams of 23 Indian youth suicide because of their Brenvos console-Woo. The government will have to consider before implementing its policy is threatening Bdkte! If you do not want a repeat of a Mumbai massacres of Paris, we have a lot left to learn about the attack. There are many questions, but will have to wait for us to learn and prepare for their next eruption sure!Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus, was also struck by terrorists. Today, he is welcome to stay glory.