19) 3,979 cases of suspected dengue reported in Sept: BMC

As many as 3,979 cases of suspected dengue were reported in September at various public hospitals and dispensaries this year, with a significant 12-15 per cent of the total also suffering from other infections like malaria or hypertension or diabetes, according to data given by the BMC.

The city witnessed its fifth reported dengue death on Sunday after a woman from Kandivali died within a day of admission at Nair hospital. In September, BMC recorded 248 confirmed cases of dengue. Doctors from private hospitals, however, claimed that the actual toll is much higher if private clinics and doctors are accounted for. Over 1.36 lakh houses have been surveyed for breeding spots of Aedes Aegypti mosquito, responsible for spreading the dengue virus and 1.77 lakh water containers in private properties have been treated. A new study has revealed that global warming might affect the effect of pesticide.

Researchers from Montana State University have shown that permethrin becomes less effective at killing the yellow fever mosquito as temperatures increase. These mosquitoes, which are found in the tropics and the subtropics, can transmit viruses that lead to dengue, chikungunya, yellow fever, and other diseases. Researcher Shavonn Whiten said that many of the areas where these insecticides were employed had varying drastic temperature changes. In the study, researchers exposed adult mosquitoes to varying concentrations of permethrin at a range of temperatures. They found an inverse relationship between death and temperature from 16 degrees to 30 degrees, which showed the highest negative correlation.

From 30 degrees to 32 degrees, there was, however, a positive correlation between mortality and temperature. And from 32 degrees to 34 degrees, the negative correlation resumed. Some possible reasons for this can be: Lower temperatures may make the mosquito neurons more sensitive to permethrin, which is a neurotoxin.

The permethrin may persist longer and remain active at lower temperatures or lower temperatures may enhance the ability of the insecticide to bind to its target site. Researcher Robert Peterson said that people involved in mosquito-control efforts should take temperature into account when choosing a pest-control product.

According to doctors at Nair hospital, the teenager was admitted on September 28 morning with a history of chills, abdominal pain and fever.

His condition was critical as he was already suffering from tuberculosis (TB) and had left his treatment mid-way. “He was also a patient of Hematemesis,” a doctor said. Hematemesis is a condition in which a person vomits a lot of blood.

On October 5 at 8.15 pm, the boy succumbed to multiple disorders, including kidney injury and respiratory distress in a case of TB and dengue.

The city recorded 43 dengue cases in October first week, a rise from 37 cases recorded in September first week. According to the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC), 639 suspected dengue patients were also treated in September at various public hospitals.

