18) P V Sindhu wins
2nd Malaysia 

Penang (Malaysia), Jan 24 : Indian shuttler P V Sindhu continued her rampaging run to clinch the Malaysia Masters Grand Prix Gold title with a straight-game win over Scotland"s
Kristy Gilmour, making a resounding start to the new season here today.
The third-seeded Indian prevailed 21-15 21-9 in a 32- minute clash to clinch her fifth Grand Prix Gold title to avenge a 2013 loss to the Scot, their only previous encounter before today"s match.
This is also Sindhu"s second Malaysia Masters Grand Prix Gold title, having won it in 2013 as well. She also completed a hat-trick at the Macau Open Grand Prix Gold in November last year.
The Indian had reached her maiden finals of a Super Series premier event at the Denmark Super Series Premier.
"It is a great win and a fantastic start to the season for me. I have been playing well and I was confident of winning ahead of the final. Infact, the semifinal was a tough match and it boosted my confidence," a jubilant Sindhu told PTI after the title win.
"I didn"t expect the final to be easy. I had played her long back in 2013 but it was a different match and I am a different player now. I took a lead and didn"t relax and it turned out to be a one-sided match.
"This win has given me a lot of confidence and I hope to do well in the next events, specially at Syed Modi which I am playing next in Lucknow. I will be also playing the BAC in Hyderabad which is a Team event," added the two-time World Championships bronze-medallist.
Sindhu, who had an unbeaten streak at the Premier Badminton League (PBL), produced a dominating performance as she showed better court coverage and produced some delectable serves and strokes to outclass her opponent in the summit clash.
In the opening game, Sindhu made early strides, moving to 5-2 and then sped away with her superior game plan. The Indian shuttler picked the shuttle early and came up with some superb serves and pushed her opponent to commit numerous errors.
The Indian had a healthy 12-6 lead which she increased to 18-10.
The World No. 20 Scot, on the other hand, reeled off four straight points but could never threaten Sindhu who closed the game without much effort.
