42) North Korea conducts
hydrogen bomb test
Quake 'possible nuclear test': Japan 
Seoul, Jan. 6: North Korea said today it has conducted a powerful hydrogen bomb test, a defiant and surprising move that, if confirmed, would be a huge jump in Pyongyang"s quest to improve its still-limited nuclear arsenal.
A television anchor said in a typically propaganda-heavy statement that the North had tested a 'miniaturized' hydrogen bomb, elevating the country's "nuclear might to the next level" and providing it with a weapon to defend against the United States and its other enemies.
The statement said the test was a 'perfect success', and the announcement was celebrated on the streets of Pyongyang.
South Korean President Park Geun-hye ordered her military to bolster its combined defense posture with US forces and called the test a "grave provocation" and "an act that threatens our lives and future".
There has long been skepticism by Washington and nuclear experts about past North Korean claims about H-bombs, which are much more powerful, and much more difficult to make, than atomic bombs.
A confirmed test, however, would be seen as extremely worrying and lead to a strong push for new, tougher sanctions on North Korea at the United Nations, which quickly announced an emergency Security Council meeting on North Korea. It would also further worsen already abysmal relations between Pyongyang and its neighbors. Washington/Beijing, Jan. 6: North Korea"s announcement today that it successfully conducted its first hydrogen bomb test drew strong criticism from the reclusive nations" neighbours including key ally China and the West which warned of a robust response to its 'grave provocations'.
The surprise test was personally ordered by North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un and came just two days before his birthday. If confirmed, the test would mark another big step toward Pyongyang"s goal of building a warhead that can be mounted on a missile capable of reaching the US mainland. The US said it was too early to verify North Korea"s claim but vowed to 'respond appropriately' to "any and all provocations". 

The UN Security Council is considering imposing further sanctions on North Korea after it carried out a nuclear test, the British ambassador said today.
"We will be working with others on a resolution on further sanctions," Ambassador Matthew Rycroft told reporters.
The United States, Japan and other members of the 15-member council were working on a draft text that would strongly condemn what Pyongyang has called a hydrogen bomb test, diplomats said.
"We have no information on the type of device tested," said Rycroft, but he added: "Any nuclear test is a clear violation of UN Security Council resolutions." North Korea said it had carried out a "successful" miniaturized hydrogen bomb test -- a shock announcement that, if confirmed, would massively raise the stakes in the hermit state"s bid to strengthen its nuclear arsenal.
The announcement triggered swift international condemnation but also skepticism, with experts suggesting the apparent yield was far too low for a thermonuclear device.
The council was set to hold a closed-door meeting from 2130 IST to discuss the nuclear test, at the request of the United States and Japan. A senior UN diplomat said there would be a strong statement of condemnation from the council and work would begin on a draft resolution that would provide for targeted sanctions. It was unclear when a vote on the draft resolution would take place. Three previous tests in 2006, 2009 and 2013 triggered waves of UN sanctions. "The latest test is yet another example of the DPRK regime"s reckless challenge to international norms of behavior," said Rycroft. (AFP).

