29) JeM chief Azhar detained pathankot attack.
 Dreaded outfit's offices sealed Chinese wireless 
set recovered

New Delhi, Jan. 13: A Chinese wireless set was recovered from a vehicle outside the Pathankot Air Force base by National Investigation Agency (NIA) even as sleuths of the agency questioned Punjab Police officer Salwinder Singh for the third consecutive day today. NIA officials recovered the wireless set while scanning the area for evidence and clues in connection with its probe on the terrorist attack at the Air Force station, sources said. PTI Islamabad, Jan. 13: Pakistan today detained Jaish-e-Mohammad chief Maulana Masood Azhar, his brother and "several individuals" belonging to his dreaded outfit, which is suspected to have engineered the Pathankot terror attack, and sealed its offices after India demanded action, linking it to the fate of FS-level talks.
Lt Gen (Retired) Abdul Qadir Baloch, minister for frontier regions, confirmed that "Azhar was arrested". 
Azhar was taken in protective custody to probe the Pathankot attack, Baloch was quoted as saying by the Geo TV.
Azhar"s brother Abdul Rehman Rauf has also been detained, Geo TV said. Officials said Azhar, the dreaded terrorist and two other terrorists who were released from an Indian prison in 1999 in exchange for release of 155 passengers of the hijacked Indian Airlines plane, has been taken into protective custody after raids on several JeM offices. ￭ Turn to Pg 5 New Delhi, Jan. 13: The Indian army is ready and competent to carry out any task it is entrusted with, Army chief Dalbir Singh Suhag asserted today, two days after defence minister Manohar Parrikar underlined the need to give back the pain inflicted on India by terror organisations and individuals.
"The Indian Army is ready and competent to carry out any task given to it," Suhag said when asked if the Army is capable of carrying out a covert or surgical strike against terror camps in PoK. He added that the Army was fully prepared to meet any challenge facing the country. The Army chief said that the security environment facing the nation is becoming more "complex and dynamic" and said that at least 17 terror training camps continue to be active in Pakistani Occupied Kashmir compared to 42 earlier. 

