41)  United Jehad Council
claims responsibility  pathankot iaf airbase attack
2 more terrorists killed, combing ops on 

Srinagar/Pathankot, Jan. 4: Pakistan-based United Jehad Council (UJC), an umbrella organisation of about a dozen militant outfits, on Monday claimed responsibility for the deadly attack on the airbase at Pathankot. "The attack on the Pathankot Airbase was carried out by the National Highway Sqaud," Syed Sadaqat Hussain, presenting himself as UJC spokesman, claimed in an email statement to a local news agency here.
He, however, did not give the number of militants involved in the attack.
UJC comprises mostly the militant outfits active in Jammu and Kashmir.
Experts in Delhi expressed doubt over the authenticity of the claim as the Pathankot attack is widely believed to be the handiwork of Pakistan-backed Jaish-e-Mohammad terror outfit which is not part of UJC.
The claim is being seen as a diversionary tactic. 
Meanwhile, after operations lasting three days, security forces today killed two more Pakistani terrorists within the Pathankot air base with the government saying six of them have now been neutralised, but it was not clear whether all the intruders have been eliminated.4 NIA files 3 cases

New Delhi, Jan. 4: NIA today registered three cases to probe the entire conspiracy behind the strike at the IAF base in Pathankot in Punjab believed to have been carried out by Pakistan-based terrorist group Jaish-e-Mohammed.
The cases were initially registered by local police stations in Pathankot that were transferred and handed over to the National Investigation Agency (NIA), a central probe agency that was set up after the audacious 26/11 Mumbai terror strike to probe all terror cases in the country.
Heartrending scenes were witnessed today as martyrs of Pathankot terror attack were given a final farewell with full military honours in presence of hundreds of people who converged to pay their tributes to the bravehearts.
Slogans of "Bharat Mata ki Jai" rent the air as the body of Garud commando Gursewak Singh, wrapped in the tricolour, reached his native Garnala village near Ambala, while the family members of the young Sikh, who was married in November, were inconsolable.
Haryana Ministers Anil Vij and Abhimanyu were present to pay tributes along with senior officers from the Air Force, besides personnel from the army, police and civil administration.
The body of Lt Colonel E K Niranjan, a bomb expert with the National Security Guard who was killed while defusing a grenade at the scene of the terror attack at Pathankot IAF base, was brought to Bengaluru from where it was to be taken to his hometown Palakkad in Kerala.

Teary-eyed people filed past the body as the martyr"s family members sat near it. "He was always interested in the army. I am proud of his sacrifice," Niranjan"s father Sivarajan said.
Niranjan"s sister said, "I look at him as Arjuna who fought for his karmabhoomi."
He hailed from Palakkad in Kerala and is survived by his wife Dr Radhika and a 18-month-old daughter.
Fellow army officers and many prominent and eminent personalities paid tributes to the martyr at his residence. Thirty two-year-old Niranjan, whose family stays in Bangalore, was commissioned in the Engineers Regiment of the Army in 2004.
Niranjan, head of the elite bomb squad of the NSG, was killed while defusing an IED at Pathankot IAF base, yesterday.
He was among seven security personnel killed in the terrorist attack there.
In Gurdaspur, Punjab, scores of mourners gathered at the house of Subedar Fateh Singh, 51, a shooter who had won Commonwealth medals.
Singh"s daughter Madhu joined the soldiers in carrying the body to the cremation ground.
"What my father has done today, I don"t think anything can match it. I am proud of my father," Madhu said.
"We were at the air base when the attack took place," she said. Singh"s wife, daughter and son had come to visit him.
Before leaving the quarters, Singh told his wife that he was going to get some documents signed after which they would go home. "My father snatched the gun from that man and shot him," she said.
Four terrorists have been neutralised in the operation at the Pathankot air base after the Saturday attack.One Garud commando, one NSG officer and five personnel of Defence Security Corps (DSC) were martyred.
Seventeen security personnel were also injured.
