54) came to the hydrogen bomb, earthquake shock
 A. Korea made
 Successful tests of claim turmoil erupted around the world
 Seoul. 6 January (Agency)

North Korea has created a flutter in the world's first hydrogen bomb test successful morning today. The move has been condemned around the world. Despite the ban on nuclear testing by the United Nations Test This being India, China, the US, the. Korea, Japan, Australia and many countries, including the North. Criticized Korea. After this incident, the UN has called for an emergency meeting. However, the US refused to ratify the test, but said that he will respond to this action befitting the provocation. The test confirmed Pyongyang and its padaosiyom (and the Japan. Korea) is likely to be between the already strained relations and bad. This was the fourth nuclear explosion in North Korea. Before he year 2006, 2009, and has successfully conducted a nuclear test in 2013. Seoul, South Korea expressed concern kinlju pyungeyi re-Pyongyang Yellow Sea of ​​China, India, Japan Korea, North Sea
New Delhi: India expressed concern over reports that North Korea had tested a hydrogen bomb, he said that such work should not affect regional peace and stability. Gift of the dictator
North Korea's dictator Kim Jong Supreme Leader and the January 8 birthday. The test is considered to be his birthday gift. What is the hydrogen bomb?
Big because of the process of fission of an atom bomb in the plutonium or uranium. Scale energy comes out and bang and severe damage. On the other hand, the hydrogen bomb, which can be termed the two bombs in a bomb. It nuclear fission (phijana) vikiranem opposite reaction that is released from the explosion of the mail (fusion) and that gives birth to big. And makes it extremely powerful and dangerous because of the explosion. The first atomic bomb explodes, which is due to become a hydrogen bomb. Due to the use of hydrogen for hydrogen fusion bomb, it is called. A. After the explosion of the hydrogen bomb. Some of the areas in Korea have been felt the shock of an earthquake. 5.1 intensity on the Richter scale was recorded. Here are the first nuclear test. Came the shock of the earthquake
