24) L8kpurw with soldiers' 65's victory
Prime Minister Lal Bahadur Shastri led to such small power house, within 22 days, the Indian troops literally Pakistani army was forced to escape their lives and Lahore had come under attack. Pakistanis believe that India could start Ldkai on the other side and so may cause damage.
Editorial Board, public opinion समूहविजयदार्डा@लोकमत.कॉम 1965 Indo-Pak war of territorial gain or loss from mathematics was a decisive event in the history of independent India. Pakistan chose to attack was particularly vulnerable time. Ldkai from China in 1962 was humiliation and death in May 1964 of first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru had. Pakistani President Ayub Khan had the impression that the weakened and Kashmir dispute through Ldkai military solution can be found. He also was assumed that their operations to Gibraltar will defend local Kashmiris and their revolt will help to capture Srinagar. His confidence was bolstered by the estimate that China will help him against India. Above all, they were convinced that the Pakistani army equipped with modern Patton tanks and Sabre jets will definitely prove its superiority.
But such small power house led by Prime Minister Lal Bahadur Shastri, within 22 days, the Indian troops literally Pakistani army was forced to escape their lives and Lahore had come under attack. Pakistanis believe that India could start Ldkai on the other side and so may cause damage. The Chinese tried to intervene, but by then the Americans or the Russians did not take the risk of intervention in the war, who had made clear that the scope of the war Bdlta so they will not be silent spectators. Military, domestic and Rajnyik- at all Mocren India to earn the victory, which gave Pakistan a permanent psychological advantage. It is modern time and power on the strength of war or expand their field of bygone days has been discussed. Agreement and returned to the army. So, the math is useless to count the victory or defeat. More importantly, the scribes became heroes (in Tashkent during the summit despite his unfortunate death), while Ayub lost power. 1965 showed that the equation of the straight Ldkai Who won and who lost.
Ldkai that the real winner was the Indian soldiers who fought with bravery and courage with better morale. And demolished the myth that better machines can win the war. Nate was the power of the pilots of aircraft in the sky with Sabre jet Ldkai opposite proved the superiority of its air. Similarly, it was better that the power of tanks in Kemkrn Ldkai turning point in the war destroyed 97 Pakistani tanks. Gave.
It was exactly 50 years ago, but the story of bravery and military capacity is still fresh. Also have won other wars, such as the 1971 and the 1999 Kargil war Ldkai, but always fresh and sweet taste of victory is 1965. It was the first decisive military victory in the history of independent India. Bdkaya confidence in the country and Prime Minister Shastri's 'Jai Jawan, Jai Kisan' slogan still echoes with the same passion.
Therefore, when we were taken by the elderly warriors 'one rank, one pension' view of the events at issue involved is the darker shades of sadness. That big war. Some of the names of people who were forced to announce a boycott of the Golden Jubilee celebrations. But now the government's 42-year-old former soldier is able to meet the demand and has decided to work for their satisfaction.
In the beginning, it has been recognized that with these Bujugren should be treated with deep respect. It has been recognized that they are not agitating across a group of employees who are agitating for their salaries Bdkane. They are among those who voluntarily country's unity and integrity of the security forces with the primary responsibility of service selected, fully knowing that any unforeseen situation, they can not come out alive. It is not an act of personal sacrifice, but the whole family is a collective karma. That is the spirit which led to the Prime Minister Lal Bahadur Shastri as little power house, within 22 days, the Indian troops literally Pakistani army was forced to escape their lives and Lahore had come under attack. Pakistanis believe that India could start Ldkai on the other side and so may cause damage.
