27) In the 42nd year of the Amazing Pace
Martina Hingis won the US Open with "mixed double title
New York. September 12 (ANI)
Indian tennis veteran Leander Paes and his Jodkidar Kiladli once again teamed up with Martina Hingis and the US Open tennis tournament in amazing Iँn 1 Ruँn 1 m 2 clinched the doubles title, the third of the year in both Kiladkion Grand Slam.
Pace's last Grand Slam of the year Iँn 1 Ruँn 1 m 2 in the doubles final of American Bethanie Mattek-Sands and Sam Querrey in three sets in conflict Jodki 6-4, 3-6, 10-7 victory won the title. Second in the US Open in Indian Kiladli Iँn 1 Ruँn 1 m 2 is the doubles title. The last time in 2008, the US Open with Cara Black of Zimbabwe Iँn 1 Ruँn 1 m 2 had won the doubles title.
With this 42-year-old Paes, the 17th of his career Grand Slam doubles was also deposited in your account.
Paes eight men's doubles and nine mi 2 Iँn 1 Ruँn 1 won the doubles Grand Slam, while overall he has won 55. Indian and Swiss Jodki this year Australian Open, Wimbledon and US Open Grand Slam title in his name has extraordinary achievement.
'69' after
First Jodki
The titles as well as Australian and Wimbledon champion Hingis Jodki Paes and first since 1969 m 2 Iँn 1 Ruँn 1 Jodki became the couple, who won three Grand Slam in the same year is achieved. Margaret Court in 1969 and the last time Marty Riessen three miles in one calendar year 2 Iँn 1 Ruँn 1 won the doubles title. Goals dare: Pace
Martina Hingis won the praise of Paes said they Switzerland to emulate the great Kiladli technique or ability, but he compensated with his Dridlta to try. Pace said the technology more than their never-struck by the spirit. Pace said, "Martina said something that was quite interesting. He said that to achieve something and I do not think you should have the courage within me personally with the technical ability or talent, which is close to Martina. He said, 'I was is something that is courage. I'd try it. This part of my life is Dridlta, try to find the way to achieve success. ''
President, Prime Minister, Sports Minister's greetings
President Pranab Mukherjee, Prime Minister and Sports Minister Sarbananda Sonowal Jodkidar Leander Paes and Martina Hingis of Switzerland at the US Open tennis tournament Ruँn 1 per 1 m 2 Iँn congratulated on winning the doubles title. Rashtrapati Bhavan, the official Twitter account of President Mukherjee said 'very Bdkia Leander, Hingis, the US Open mi 2 Iँn 1 Ruँn 1 the doubles title at the heartfelt congratulations.' 'Prime Minister also Paes and Hingis Congratulating tweeted' once again played very Bdkia, Leander and Martina Hingis. Congratulations on the victory. We are very happy. 'Sonowal Paes and Hingis also congratulated on this historic success. He tweeted: '' Leander and heartfelt congratulations to Hingis. You're both really great Kiladli. '
