18) Aelanzzbdli of France will mercilessly angry revenge
Hmalon night starting 1:50 pm French time was 9:20 at night. Stade de France football stadium near the blast. Indian Gdki is 4:30 hours ahead. According to the first attack occurred late at night 1:50. The game was released two staunch competitive match between France and Rgmni. President Francois Holland at 80 thousand spectators packed the ground were also watching the match. Udkaya from suicide terrorists detonate themselves. The president was safely out of the stadium. Night at 1:55 and La Petit La Karilon name Kmbodj indiscriminate firing of guns at night 1:59 Kanbodian restaurant Avenue de la Republique in the Stade de France stadium near the second explosion fire night 2:00 2:08 La Belle Kvipe at night Voltayr Boulevard at 2:13 at night, firing at the firing and then bang bang night 2:19 Batclan concert hall. The American rock band group the Eagles of Death "of the program was running. Take the AK-47 entered the militants first fired indiscriminately arrested and then the remaining audience. He pointed a gun at the head of the French President warned that people are suffering the brunt of mistakes. He also said that we are here to avenge action on Syria. Three of the four terrorists barged Udka explosion itself, while a militant was killed in the police action. Stade de France stadium in the night 2:23 into the third explosion the night 2:30 Byumarches firing Paris Boulevard. Nov 14 (PTI)
France was once again the victim of a terrorist attack. The attack is certain is that this is very similar to the 26/11 Mumbai attacks. According to Indian time, militants in the capital Paris intervening night of Friday and Saturday at seven different locations were serial blasts and gunfire targeted innocent people. More than 129 people have been killed and 352 wounded, 99 seriously. Most deaths occurred in the city Bataclan Music Hall. The militants had 100 people hostage.
120 people were killed in retaliation. There were seven suicide bombers bombers who Udka blast took himself. He first people hostage and then attacked in a public place like restaurant. ISIS notorious for terrorist acts has claimed responsibility for the attack.
ISIS The video also surfaced in which terrorists are saying that they will live in peace to France. According to local media attacked President Francois Holland was attacked by the attack, which was present in the stadium of the city, where the friendly match between the teams of France and Rgmni was running.
After the attack, Holland was evacuated amid heavy security. French commandos killed eight attackers and saved many lives. All countries, including India and world leaders condemned the attack Kdki France's solidarity with. Raids in Brussels
Paris Judkte attacks wire are visible from Pdkosi Belgium. Hours after the attack, suddenly energized by the Belgian government raided many places in the capital, Brussels. Several suspects were arrested in the raids have.
Gatwick Airport evacuated
Panic spread after the terrorist attack in Paris after England's second busiest airport Gatwick was evacuated. London, about 50 km from the airport, a French national, was arrested when he threw a suspicious object in Kudeldan.
Plane evacuated
The Air France plane due to rumors of a bomb in the capital of the Netherlands, Amsterdam's Schiphol airport was evacuated. Security agencies are probing dense plane. Syrian passport terror found
One of the attackers involved in brutal attacks by the Syrian passport found near the body. Although it did not say where the passport is received. Police have pointed to a potential Syrian contacts. As it is a clue for investigators.
French militant identified
Paris at the Bataclan concert hall last night stormed into the four persons was a French citizen. At least 82 people were killed. According to investigators found the body of a French citizen, which is believed to be one of the attackers. Although the identity of the person or the background is not discussed.
'City of Light' deserted
By far the most deadly attacks since Paris is such a stand still. The Eiffel Tower was closed after the terrorist attack, museums, markets and schools were shut and famous Somps-Elije route was deserted. Its beauty and full of people bustling city known for Sdlkon dwelling was in mourning. Where terrorists came from?
It is not clear, but according to French media reports, the terrorist sleeper cell were part of ISIS inside France. From the time they were planning. He chose the day of the attack Friday. National Stadium, restaurant and music concert hall and attacks carried out by such target. How come?
According to media, the news coming from the car of the four terrorists. The rest on foot with weapons had reached their targets. They have grenades, suicide jackets and weapons such as the AK-47. Mumbai Ldkne long time preparing the way they had come from. French President Holland after World War II to carry the country's most deadly attack is attributed to the Islamic State organization. He termed the activity of war without mercy today resolved to counterattack. Holland said that at least 128 people were killed in the massacre. The government's response plan after an emergency security meeting three Dinane national mourning announced by Holland and the country's security to its highest level Bdka. He said the attack on those values ​​is the defense of France throughout the world. As well as the attack against an independent country, which means that the entire planet. French anti-terrorism police have worked to identify potential partners for Hmlavrane.





