43)  Padma Vibhushan for Dhirubhai, Rajini, Sri Sri
 Anupam Kher gets Padma Bhushan ￭ Padma Shri for Nikam, Devgn, Priyanka
Anupam Kher gets Padma Bhushan ￭ Padma Shri for Nikam, Devgn, Priyanka lokmat news network
mumbai, jan. 25

Lokmat's photo-editor Sudharak Olwe is going to be conferred Padma Shri award in recognition of his outstanding work in the field of photography.
Sudharak Olwe has been active in the field of photography for last three decades and through his work, he has tried to document the changes and afflictions in society over the years. His images transcend technique and illuminate the humanity of his subjects. He has expressed his sense of social commitment by turning his lens on the seamy sides of life. He has covered mother-child mortality in Jharkhand; life stories of prostitutes from
￭ Turn to Page 2 our Correspondent
with agency inputs
New Delhi, jan. 25
Superstar Rajinikanth, Reliance empire founder late Dhirubhai Ambani and media baron Ramoji Rao have been chosen for Padma Vibhushan, country"s second highest civilian award this year.
Actor Anupam Kher will get Padma Bhushan while stars Ajay Devgn and Priyanka Chopra have been named for Padma Shri honours.
Art of Living founder Sri Sri Ravi Shankar, former Jammu and Kashmir Governor Jagmohan, former DRDO chief V K Aatre, cancer specialist and chairperson of Adyar Cancer Institute Dr V Shanta and eminent Bharatnatyam and Kuchipudi dancer Yamini Krishnamurthi and classical vocalist Girija Devi and Indian-American economist Avinash Dixit have also been named for Padma Vibhushan on the occasion of this year"s Republic Day celebrations.
This year"s list of Padma awards contain names of 10 Padma Vibhushan, 19 Padma Bhushan and 83 Padma Shri awardees of the total 112.
Among them 19 are women and 10 belong to the category of foreigners, NRIs, PIOs (include one posthumous) and 4 Posthumous awardees.
Singer Udit Narayan, former CAG Vinod Rai, chairperson of media group Bennett, Coleman & Co. Indu Jain, sports star Sania Mirza and Saina Nehwal, spiritual leaders late Swami Dayanand Saraswati, Swami Tejomayananda and former US Ambassador to India Robert Blackwill are among the 19 eminent people chosen for Padma Bhushan.
Industrialist Pallonji Shapoorji Mistry, Maruti Suzuki chairman R C Bhargava and eminent architect Hafeez Contractor also figure in the list of Padma Bhushan awardees.
Senior lawyer Ujjwal Nikam, who was the prosecution counsel in the Mumbai terror attack case, actors Ajay Devgn and Priyanka Chopra get Padma Shri.
Renowned sculptor Ram V Sutar, Manipuri theatre personality Heisnam Kanhailal, Hindi and Telugu writer Yarlagadda Lakshmi Prasad, Sanskrit scholar N S Ramanuja Tatacharya,

