42) Masood Azhar was arrested one day decided to create a completely averted military.
Met in Dubai dobhala-janjua!
Foreign Secretary level talks between India and Pakistan, the news of the proposed meeting in Dubai between the NSA of the two countries. There was not officially confirmed, but sources said that the NSA had in India and his Pakistani counterpart Naser Dubai Ajit dobhala janjua're talking about Pathankot attack. Salavindara Singh Inquiry issued
NIA has been summoned for questioning on Thursday, the somaraja caretaker of the shrine. Continued the interrogation salavindara Wednesday. Somaraja investigation on the basis of interrogation of the agency is trying to tie kadaiyom jodane the attack. Nabina Sinha / agency. New Delhi, 13 January
The Government of Pakistan Foreign Secretary level talks to save the mother in the circle of questions later in the afternoon by far the most Pathankot attack badai Acting Master Mind Maulana Masood Azhar and taken into custody on the information to the Government of India . In addition to his brother Masood, head of Jaish-e-Mohammad Asghar, Abdul Rauf and another has been in close custody. It is believed that the three are being interrogated by moving them to unknown place.
Marginal areas of Minister Lt-Gen (sevanavrtta) Abdul Qadir Baloch has confirmed that, '' Azhar has been arrested. '' Home Ministry sources stated, "This is the second time that Masood was taken into custody aihatiyatana . Before the Mumbai attacks (26/11 was taken into custody at the time of. '' India's National Investigation Agency had given evidence to Pakistan after the other with the name of the handlers five Pathankot attack. It Masood Azhar, in addition to her brother Raouf Ashfaq Ahmed, Hafiz Qasim and Abdul Shakoor was the name of the animal. They are headquartered in Bahawalpur, while its other base in districts like Jalalabad and Islamabad. Force India will investigate
According to a release from the Office of stementa PM Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan will send a special investigation team to Pathankot. This process will require the cooperation of India because of the information and for further badhaane.
Nawaz came to mind
Top officials of Nawaz Sharif chaired the meeting for the review of the action taken so far on the Pathankot attack on Pakistan's side. In a few hours after the arrests were announced. The Foreign Secretary level talks between the two countries after India decided to take action against Pakistan's Jaish chief has been delayed for a day. Earlier tonight on the subject of long negotiations between the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, and the Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj. Will be officially announced at the meeting on Thursday, according to the information received. Army chief General suhag Dalbir Singh said that if the government does in the wake of attacks directed Pathankot any kind of military action is fully ready for it. He also said that Pakistan has worked to derail the peace talks several times. In a press conference on the eve of Army Day, said that the General suhag Pathankot fully successful campaign was launched to deal with the attack.

