
45) Blätter, platini moral tribunal decided that restrict FIFA, penalties began
 In a statement released by the court was told that the couple had misused their rights. FIFA platini million Swiss francs for the payment of the check had been authorized by the 20 Blätter in 2011. He said that it was given in return for his work as a consultant from 1999 to 2002. FIFA's court dismissed charges of corruption against both, but found guilty of conflict of interest. It said, '' It is not written in the statement, nor is there any legal basis for this payment Blätter could tell during the trial. '' Sepp Blätter (left) and Michael platini (file photo) Zurich. December 21 (Agency)
Surrounded by a moral tribunal disputes FIFA has banned eight years on Monday, saying that he had misused Sepp Blätter and Michael platini their posts in case of payment of the 20 million Swiss francs platini.
Shattered hopes platini
Blätter platini and was banned from all football activity with immediate effect. This ended the career of nearly 79 years Blätter, while the next FIFA platini around the water then hopes to become president. FIFA 1998 on the suspension of 50,000 Swiss francs, and the command handling Blätter major UEFA and FIFA vice-president, was fined 80,000 francs platini.
Failing to conflict of interest
Platini was also found guilty of conflict of interest. The court said, '' platini complete reliability and failed to work with ethics. He was careless to duty. '"
They can challenge
Blätter and the Appellate Tribunal platini FIFA, the sport may challenge the restrictions in any arbitration or the Swiss civil court. Blätter ladenge for your honor. Blätter platini and was temporarily suspended in October, when the Swiss prosecutors launched a criminal investigation into the transfer of funds in 2011. Blätter ongoing criminal investigation against, while platini are among the suspects and witnesses. Both have refused to do anything wrong. Blätter participated in an eight-hour hearing in the FIFA headquarters last Thursday, while platini had boycotted it.
Payments made four years ago at the time of the election of the President of FIFA, Fight Blätter for the fourth time. Palatini had support and was after, but then he was against them. Prevention 'death sentence', the
Blätter Asian Football Confederation and the ban on the eight years it took to platini (AFC) said that the restriction of the former General Secretary Peter velappana for such a long time 'death sentence' is like. Velappana said, '' It's for football, and because he kadaa haivisesakara Blätter dedicated their lives to the FIFA. It is unfortunate that the bribery case was not cleared and you can pull them for eight years, but is fine too kadaa. It is like the death penalty. '"

