1) Chennai had rain but the risk retained by night
Chennai. Tamil Nadu after the rain, but the situation has raised concerns of the people in Chennai overnight rains caused some relief. According to the weather office in Chennai for the next few days can be filled with trouble.
Meanwhile, Home Minister Rajnath Singh in Parliament on Thursday, will make a statement on the situation. Aerial survey of flood-hit areas of the state, Chief Minister Jayalalithaa said. CM Chennai, Kanchipuram and Tiruvallur Krengikcenni the aerial survey has been no improvement in the situation of waterlogging. Navy, Army and NDRF teams involved in the rescue of passengers being stranded at the airport after Han.ayrport reports. Meteorological Department Director General LS Rathore said that the next three days of heavy rain in Chennai may be imposed Hakanuman the coastal areas of Tamil Nadu and Puducherry next Milegikmusm no respite from a week of rain, the mood The views associated with climate change and that he rejected a phenomenon associated with climate change can not be seen.
Natural disasters, how the wheels of industrial activities is blocked out if flooding Chennai moves. Chennai in the last two decades the way the automobile and information technology companies have made their mark as the preferred investment destination, he said the flood was a shock that ripped around steeply.In Chennai plant Hyundai, Ford and Renault has had a huge impact on the production of companies like. Infosys floods, Cognijent, the functioning of IT companies like TCS have been affected. Besides the industrial cluster developed around Chennai have also reported heavy damage. Clearly, companies in the insurance companies to compensate for the loss due to the burden Pdegazbadh Hyundai, Renault and Ford's factories today is no construction. All three companies have said they are monitoring the situation and begins production at factories in the coming days to decide whether or not to be, given the circumstances in Jaagalshr Most IT companies said that in view of the safety of staff They have declared a holiday. If the situation does not improve in the next two-three days, then these companies may face more trouble. Heavy rains have affected the functioning of the electricity and communications companies. Airtel very bad impact on services to help companies increase Hathamusibt Hakpeediton news in this time of many companies have come forward to help. BSNL communication of all kinds over the next seven days during the service and data services, has announced free. Airtel landline service has been free for a week. In addition, the company announced to its customers free of charge 30 bucks company Airtel Airtel mobile highlights of the 10-minute conversation, and 50 MB of free will. Recharge online portal Paytm the victims have announced a free recharge of Rs 30. Vodafone recharge the pre-paid customers have ten bucks. 10 minutes of free calls between Vodafone Grrahkon has announced a new.The customers to pay the bill immediately, the deadline was extended. App-based company that runs the taxi service has said that he is recovering for the next two days completely free service will provide its customers in Chennai. Twitter Niklane out to people trapped in Chennai particular hashtag is run.
Chennai. Chennai, Tamil Nadu, including heavy rains in other parts of life has been disrupted in the microblogging site Twitter stretched out his hand to control the disaster management Haktvitr India 'campaign is running, the message to be delivered through people that they do tweet with the hashtag. Viewing the status of potential housing and assistance with information about affected areas and as much as possible will help to fight this natural disaster will provide. Chennai-affected people who can provide housing can show your position in Google spreadsheets. The spreadsheet will help relieve immediate suffering people find housing Skengekprdhanmntri Narendra Modi on Twitter is promising potential support. He spoke to her in Tamil Nadu have pledged relief to the flood affected areas.

