19) How stampede.
'Stampede in Mecca. Deeply saddened by the deaths caused. Peedkit deep condolences to the families and to the injured speedy recovery pray to God. '
- Narendra Modi, Prime Minister of Haj in Mina near the Saudi holy city of Mecca last day of the rampage. Of lives 717 pilgrims were killed, while 863 were injured. Rampage. The two Indians were killed and two wounded in the news. Accidents during the Hajj in the past decade is the worst accident.
The official Saudi Press Agency said the accident occurred in 204 of Mina Street, the devil ritual to kill Kankdli Jmarat crowd of people going. Suddenly rising. Said. The accident in day 11.30 am IST Jmarat Jodkne to the two paths is the place. Rampage. The cause is not known.
Indian Consulate in Jeddah, officials from the two pilgrims were injured in the incident in Assam. However, the situation is being monitored. Haj half of this year. Million are Indians. However, more than 20 million pilgrims from all over the world came to Mecca. Rescuers are trying to reach and aid the injured. Hiurirlla 2> 8 / Hiurirlla 2> Page 2 See how old death
July 2, 1990, during a pedestrian tunnel rampage. 1426
May 23, 1994 during stone Satan 270
Jmarat Bridge rampage on April 9, 1998. 118
During devil stone on March 5, 2001 35
11 February 2003 14 during stone devil
1 February 2004 to stone the devil during the 251
January 12, 2006 to stone the devil during the 346 Nagpur: Nagpur Central Tanzeem Committee of the pilgrims are safe. Committee secretary Mohd. Kalam and Vice President Shahid Naseem Khan said the Maharashtra State Haj Committee pilgrims from Mecca to serve incoming Khadim aaqil Qureshi informed of the situation. According to him, a woman and two Indians were killed and 2 were injured. Four of the dead Indians
Thiruvananthapuram / Hyderabad: rampage. Telangana pilgrims killed in a person, including a woman and four Indians, including Kerala. Kerala Rural Development Minister KC Joseph said the rampage. During the Thrissur district of Kerala is Kodnglur Mohammad died. Telangana state Haj committee officials professor's special. a. Shakur said L Hyderabad. B. Bibi, a resident of the city life  has died. According to eyewitnesses, the accident near Mina Jmarat 204 Bridge Street at around 10 am local time, occurred at the entrance. Camps have been set up for pilgrims near the street. Here a group of pilgrims was sitting. Meanwhile, the second group arrived. The second group Haji those already jumped on. Were followed by a rampage. Panicked. People began to fall on each other, and in a few minutes there were covered with dead bodies-the-dead. Fortnight. Within the second incident
A fortnight in Mecca in Saudi Arabia. This is the second Bdka accident. Earlier, on September 11, just before the Hajj to Mecca mosque fall of a crane 111 people, including 11 Indians were killed, while 400 others were injured.
200 teams, 4,000 people gathered in defense
The rescue operation is being carried out in full swing. 220 emergency relief teams were engaged in rescue operations with 4,000 people. Rescue teams rampage pilgrims. Magren move to a safe place separate from the Magren are optional. More deaths from chaos
Saudi security forces Brigadier Mansour al-Turkey said that having more people on the bridge and the bridge falls down after some of them resembled the chaos caused most deaths among people. Most of the deceased Saudi Arabia
Haj Minister said the rampage. Those who have died, they would not exceed the number of foreigners. Most of the residents of Saudi Arabia in the accident and was not allowed to join them in the Hajj. So far, 13 of Egypt and the four Indian pilgrims were killed. Siraj Wahab report from Mina 'rampage in Mecca. Deeply saddened by the deaths caused. Peedkit deep condolences to the families and to the injured speedy recovery pray to God. "

