11) Even-odd Formula 8 will run from 8 pm until date according to Gadlian in Delhi
new Delhi. December 8 (bureau)
To control pollution in the capital from January even-odd private vehicles under the judgment of this decision will be implemented by eight o'clock in the morning to eight o'clock in the evening. The decision of the day rather than the even-odd numbers correspond to the date would allow Gadkion.
High-level meeting chaired by Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal on Tuesday it was decided. After the meeting, transport minister Gopal Rai said a January trial on January 15 will be the first phase of the formula under which 1,3,5,7,9,11 and 13 January of odd numbers run Gadlian will allow. 2,4,6,8,10,12 and 14 January of the same even number will be allowed to run Gadlian. On Sunday, the number will come Gadlian. At the meeting, the Delhi Police, Delhi Transport Corporation, Delhi Metro Rail Corporation and PWD officials. Roy said the two-wheeler and NCR Gadkion about Virms will be discussed in a review meeting on 10 December. He even after eight o'clock and there will be no restriction on running Gadkion of odd. Earlier, the government had said even and odd numbers will operate according to the Gadlian days. KTS Tulsi Rajya Sabha in New Delhi on Tuesday to attend the winter session of the Parliament reached bicycle. Experts praised
Urban traffic experts AAP (AAP) government "even-odd" associated with. Foresight is evident in the decision. He believes that short-term, with modest improvements needed to implement these restrictions, as well as those who use the car will pass the message that how much they are exempt. Ministers and MPs have not decided on cars
Ministers and MPs have not decided yet on the cars. Fine amount was not fixed. Roy said the people to avoid the inconvenience of the Metro will be asked to Bdkane rounds and will strengthen public transport. Civil Defense for the Government to implement this formula will help and improve the environment for the Volentiers will be recruited. On Tuesday in Gurgaon schoolgirls holding placards with the message of saving fuel.
