

12) 26 Maoists have surrendered numerous reward, police were tight with guerrilla action
Chattisgarh. Police then Bdli success today in Sukma, the Bastar IG SRP Kalluri before 26 rebels have surrendered together. Polmplli Sukma district police station premises it was surrendered. On the occasion of Sukma collector, SP and chief officers.
The Maoists declared a reward of several million warrants against rebels and many are undertaking. Constant police harassment of guerrilla offensive by rebels Srmpn it.
Additionally Chhattisgarh. Maoists also attractive because of the government's rehabilitation policy difficult life forsaken forest has decided to lead a normal life.
Kalluri said the Maoists to surrender and rehabilitation policy, all the facilities will benefit. Maoists arrested prize
However, two major of Rs five lakh in Dntewadka. Police has succeeded in arresting the rebels. Police had been looking for a long time, these rebels. These include a five million prize dreaded Naxalite Mdlkami prism. Weapons and bombs were recovered from him. Jirmgati against prism eight serious cases. SP Rajendra Narayan Das said Kangerveli precinct committee member. A glut of guns and 8 kg tiffin bomb was found close by. Gelatin blast accused Kanswa funeral
Indore: Jhabua district Petlavd last September 12, the gelatin rod blast accused Rajendra Kanswa Panchkuian liberation of the city were in the funeral. Shubham was performed by her son. At the time of funeral crematorium Kanswa Thekmana being present around 30 close relatives in Petlavd massive public anger against Kanswa Given his funeral was decided in Indore. Five injured
Meanwhile, in Sukma district Naxal Maoists attacked the police party. Three of DRG in the attack and two STF personnel injured in anti-Maoist operations Ga.rajy deepanshu Kabra said here today that the district police station in Kistaram rebels ambushed a police party was on. Kabra said Kistaram police in anti-insurgency operations in the area today, police were mobilized.
