100) FD thousand crore scam, the scam
     Coverage increased: nine renowned banks,
     Join the big companies, fourteen people arrested.
Some of the gang members of the State Government agents mahamandalanvyatirikta big companies and organizations Fixed Deposit (FD) has deceived tactics, or the scope of the scam is growing. Thevintuna of at least Rs 1 crore over Rs 300 crore has been before the appropriation. Bank officials have joined the nationwide scam, so far 14 people have been arrested.
Government Corporation ephaditila scam case 'lokamatane January 12 issue was brought to light. Its scope not only mahamandalapuratica rmayadita private companies, organizations and persons have tremendous economic losses. Although the current term deposits of Rs 637 crore was revealed in Mumbai, Delhi, and additionally some cases is said to have invested Rs 350 crore.
Budalyata deposit amount!
So far up to the reports, the companies invested Rs 50 lakh in fixed deposits which 637 million. 201 crore in the form of an overdraft brokers Mumbai police has led to the impression of turns elsewhere, where the exact amount, it is being investigated. So (on page 6 that the scam was 8 eu '> c / r 8 eu'> Corporation and various private companies in the form of deposits Fixed authorities dalalamarphata been invested in the banks showed the amount of their deposits attractive bait. The eu 8 ">
C / r 8 eu '> FD of the last companies to create fake invoices. Signature on receipt of the original companies, has been cast in favor of the bhalatyaca using stamps. The eu 8 ">
C / r 8 eu '> Banks account overdraft (OD account) has been removed and getting the same bank over draft facilities outside the private individuals. The acquisition has been swallowed billions of rupees, bank officials sanganamatane, some companies, the organizations that were going on for years racket fraud worth millions of holding office bearers. Mastermind arrested
Phasiuddina mastermind Mohammed, Vimal Barot, DHANALAKSHMI bank branch manager Amrita Matthews, Anupam Thakur, banks, financial consultants or representatives that make up that Anil Pawar, Joseph Roy Thomas, and Avinash khandale Kalamboli branch manager of Bank of India Prabhakar dingankar are currently arrested.

