2) who visited Pakistan amazed Powered Modi visits Pakistan was the fourth Indian Prime Minister historical dhakkatantra
LAHORE: Prime Minister and wonderfully guarded secrecy avoiding giving adequate media of India and Pakistan on Friday, Modi kabulahuna directly paratanyaaivaji Delhi sudden political santaklojasarakhe guest on Pakistan's Lahore airport. India-Pakistan political Gotta American guptacaram from this tour was not accidental whereabouts. Sarahaddivarila encounters from the start that row prasnaparyanta Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's Pakistan and Kashmir in the wake of Modi was shocking for many to embrace the meeting. Pakistan had created a sense of security in the context of a number of questions in such a way is welcomed Modi and anti-Pakistan while meeting the parties expressed their opposition in India. With only two countries in the world have yet gungale interpretations introduced this sudden meeting. Using this dhakkatantraca Prime Minister and senior BJP leader Atal Bihari Vajpayee returned to Delhi in the night at 1 and 9 reached their residence to Happy Birthday.
Over the past 10 years is the first Indian Prime Minister to visit Pakistan. Birthday gift cast change diplomacy. He chose the anniversary of Nawaz Sharif; The importance of this day is unique and different. NDA and the first Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee was born in 1 9 24 khrisamasacyaca day. Barrister Pakistan as the father of the deceased to be understood. Mohammed Ali Jinnah was born on December 25, 1876 also. If Afghanistan (on page 5 Wedding invitation .. Prime Minister of Pakistan had increased security ahead of the tour. Airports in the area were special security arrangements. According to sources, Sharif was given her his granddaughter mehrunissa Wedding Invitation Modi. What are the improved relations with Pakistan allowing your encounter with Modi? Congress spokesman Ajay Kumar said. Modi had not planned to go to Lahore. This tour is definitely ridiculous. That their decision was certainly made clear the serious consequences for the safety of the country's former Union Minister Manish Tewari said. Nawaz Sharif is held in the sanctuary of umaraha bhojanavelesa teak was introduced, including the Narendra Modi Narendra Modi to select favorite disaca Kashmiri tea. Teak, was made of pure ghee, pulses and other vegetarian foods. The delegation is visiting 11-member pantapradhanansaha umarahala. The visa was given to all 72 hours. Allama Iqbal was stopped at the airport for more than sistamandalatila people. Nawaz Sharif's son Hasan welcomed umarahala is reached on Modi and other family members. That the Indian Prime Minister to visit Pakistan in the fourth 8 eu '> c / r 8 eu'> Pakistan for the SAARC summit, Prime Minister Narendra Modi was likely to start next year and discussed about it. But today he suddenly laid pakabhetimule new history. Modi, who became the fourth Prime Minister to visit Pakistan. 8 the eu '> c / r 8 eu "> India's first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru had visited Pakistan in July and then in September of 53 1 9 60 1 9 in. After 28 years in Pakistan was visited by the Prime Minister of India. Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi when he visited Pakistan in two consecutive years, and 88 1 9 9 8. Then 1 in 999 Atal Bihari Vajpayee had visited Pakistan, was very popular at that time, the Delhi-Lahore bus journey. In the month of January of 2004, he visited Pakistan again. Then came the Prime Minister Dr. 2004 listed as dangerous. Manmohan Singh was expected to visit Pakistan. 8 the eu '> c / r 8 eu'> Dr. Since Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was born in Gah phalanipurva Punjab now in Pakistan were discussed and that they will visit Pakistan, however, was not possible for various reasons to visit them in their 10-year lifetime. After a day full tour by government programs kabulamadhila Delhi pohocanyapurvica Russia's Prime Minister said the visit to the Lahore LG marvelous. Bilawal bhuttonce Tweet
Son Bilawal Bhutto Zardari, Benazir Bhutto's Pakistan People's Party Chairman and Prime Minister of India has welcomed. Pakistan Prime Minister welcomed you. Pending such bhetimmuleca may escape our questions, they have to tweet that. Decided last minute due to tour
Pakistan's Foreign Secretary Ejaz Chaudhry said on Friday, Modi said that the idea to stop in Pakistan and Nawaz Sharif on the phone and when he was returning to India. Please reduce the immediate Sharif, You Are Our Guest said Modi urged Pakistan to come to. While the full tour before leaving for Afghanistan and Pakistan, said that Modi tweeted, will meet with Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif today. Modi said in another tweet Sharif greeted their 66th birthday. Modi and discussed Sharif's Paris was planned. After the two countries decided to continue the discussion. Alam Iqbal International Airport in Lahore on Nawaz Sharif and Prime Minister of galabheta be welcome. This alignment tight security and Sharif's residence Modi became the topic of discussion was also given the royal food.
