32) Changing the elections of 2014, but it is the ray of hope for the millions of government: BJP National Council meeting, Mr. Narendra Modi.


Mr. Narendra Modi believes the concept will be the top priority of the country where their bharatabaddalaci truth and peace, freedom and where all religions would be where vicarannamukta equanimity.

Globally recognized and respected that received 'Brand India' is 5 feet on things - intelligence, tradition, tourism, trade and technology.
Mr. Narendra Modi's speech in the National Council of the Council will now hear the Marathi language.

National Council of the BJP in the recent conference in Delhi, Shri. Narendra Modi, comprehensive, development, and all presented including the perspective of the future recipient Watch.


The conference, Mr. Narendra Modi is a country where the concept of faith that gave them bharatabaddalaci truth and peace will be the highest priority, will be free spirits, where the freedom of all religions, and where sameness. He received recognition at the global level and the venerable "brand India" concerning the importance of the creation of the intelligence, tradition, tourism, trade and technology, said it will be up on the basis of these 5 things.
On the political front, Mr. Modi said the Congress party's policies against the people and their leaders made statements that are not consistent and not change hinges on the vulnerability that the elections of 2014, the government said that it is the ray of hope for millions of Indians.
Mr. Narendra Modi's speech in the National Council of the Council will now hear the Marathi language.

Character

Who convinced millions of people that were important to them and they rujavanare dream dreams heart of Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi are perfect vikasayatrece architect.
• Chief
• vastavadarsi architect dreams
• Award
• International

CM ... Of course, siyema '(Common Man)

Gujarat's Mehsana district in the north of the small town vadanagara September 1 9 50 By Mr. Narendra Modi was born.

Take them generosity, courage and the values ​​of social service. During the India-Pakistan war, even as a young wounded soldiers had ministrant yenaryaka heading railway station. 1 9 67 was put in the old lashed Gujarat. There was a flood of service to the forefront. Awesome better understanding of human psychology and sanghatanakausalya asanaryapa Mr. Modi played an important role in the socio-political movements of the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad and Gujarat and work

Even from his childhood days, they had to face many difficulties and complicated situation. But his outstanding courage and strength of manahsakti they transformed challenges into opportunities. Especially for higher education, when they went to the University College and then, when they had business debt reduction up many challenges; But the battle of life that has always been a true soldier of war ...! Once they never looked back into the next step. It did not accept defeat or give up in the middle of the work undertaken by the blood of their own. Their commitment which they political science (Political Science) has completed post-graduate education. RSS socio-cultural organization, and then started to work. India's social and cultural development, and self-sacrificing spirit, social responsibility, dedication and the work they imbibed the purpose of the national feeling. While working in Sri rssa. Narendra Modi has often played an important role in various upakramamprasangi. 1 of 9, 74 and June 1 of the reform of the anti-corruption campaign in January to 75 9 1 9 77 1 9 months long, or hungry, or the two most important fundamental rights of Indian citizens were strangled emergency YouTube Mace mentions their work. Center for the entire period in the underground fighting blazing oppressive policies of the government and laid awake Democratic mantra.

1 of 9 in 87 of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in access to and entered mainstream politics. After just a year in office, the BJP in Gujarat, was entrusted with the responsibility of the Secretary-General. As long as their name was a very effective organizer. He accepted the challenge of bringing to regenerate the workers. Danka party started gaining everywhere. The BJP's allies in the government center stitch 1 99 0. The collapse of the government in a few months. But immediately after the two-thirds majority in the 99 1 5, on its own, the BJP came to power in Gujarat. Since then, this day is the BJP government in Gujarat.

Gujarat BJP to come to power 1 to 9, 88 to Mr. dhoranakarte capital necessary to successfully work in 99 or 1 to 5. Narendra Modi's name was. During this period, the responsibility of hosting two very important national initiatives, Shri. Modi was handed over. LK Advani's Somnath to Ayodhya, the first of which was that the grand Rath Yatra and other similar Kanyakumari to Kashmir (north to the tip of South India) travel! What makes it an important part of the BJP took power at 1 in 99 8, Narendra Modi attributed to the two most important of these successful events handled.

Was appointed national secretary of the party in the 99 1 5. This success was great for a young leader. General Secretary of the organization, he was promoted in 1 99 8. In 2001, she was elected as the most prosperous and progressive state, a post he held until the Chief Minister of Gujarat, India. While working at the national level, Mr. Modi was given the responsibility of working with many state departments. , Including Jammu and Kashmir and the Northeast rajyancahi very sensitive. While working at the national level, Mr. Modi became important party spokesman. On many occasions, he held the important responsibility

During the same period, he traveled all over the world, many countries interacted with the leaders. These experiences not only helped him develop a global perspective; But much more importantly bharatabhumici service by all nations, India was more intense yearning of the heart to make the best of their socio-economic heap.

Party in the year 2001 to lead the Government in Gujarat. On 7 October 2001, Mr. Modi's government was sworn in. Gujarat's economy was the reality of many types of natural calamities. 2001 was the year in January, including bhukampacahi. However, the best and that much of the national and international experience, Mr. dhoranakarta that. Narendra Modi has decided to directly confront these challenges sarya.

The severe earthquake of January 2001, to see the turnover, the reconstruction and rehabilitation of the earthquake areas of responsibility of the Chief Minister, Shri accepted the challenge. Narendra Modi's front. Was completely destroyed in Bhuj. Thousands of people were living in temporary houses built. Not any basic facilities. But today, Mr. Bhuj. Narendra Modi output and how the development of comprehensive adaptation problems, has become an example of personify.

On the one hand, while the start of reconstruction and rehabilitation, Mr. Narendra Modi did not follow up on the massive development. Gujarat had always focused attention on the industrial development. Integrated socio-economic development of Sri vikasavarahi social sectors in order to focus on. Modi said the imbalance vikasaprakriyeta. That work on the five levels of development of the state 'buy' scheme and plans. Under his leadership, education, agriculture, healthcare and various other areas of Gujarat is witnessing massive transformation. They have developed a vision for the future of the state transparent, dhoranadhisthita have introduced reform programs, as the new government's administrative structure and brought to Gujarat on the path of success and prosperity. After just 100 days you see a sign of their power and the ability to achieve the objectives. Their skills and their understanding of the administrative babimmadhali sharp, clear vision and personality of their integrity and morals, all these things they did in the general election in December 2002 of the stormy victory, it does not surprise. 182 of the 128 seats on the power again registering cyclists modisasana majority. The victory was repeated again in 2007. Once again winning the election, Mr. Modi BJP delivered a record victory. September 17, 2012, Mr. Narendra Modi registered record of public service in 4000 after completing the Gujarati days. Polls three times in a row, Mr. Narendra Modi, the Gujarat conquered by the people are greeted and blessed them. 2002 and 2007 (117 seats) elections victory after victory once again by Mr. Gujarat Legislative Council elections of 2012. Modi made the breakthrough by the parties.

Today, people have expectations. E-governance, investment, poverty eradication, energy, says, road development, economic suniyojana or any other area, this is a great example desapudhe put Gujarat. Gujarat's development does not depend on any one sector of the evolutionary saga. All three sectors (agriculture, industry, services) is based on the solid foundation of development. Behind the robust growth, Mr. Modi mantra hota all together, all developed! And it was the masses, task-Republicans and good governance (Pro-People, Pro aktiva Good gavarnaensa - P 2 C) On the basis of these two streams, which took active partners in the state of development of the people of Gujarat.

Saksamapane opposition they are facing many forms of 121.9 meters by the dam height narmadevarila. He replied by obstructing the construction itself fast. In this context it possible to save water and use the water they sujalam suphalam 'plan implemented. Thereby Gujarat water resources jaleca prepared. How many are aware that the interest of the common man in the state samanyatalya, this soil health cards, ration cards and roaming roaming School Cards show their innovative ideas. Krsimahotsava, Chiranjeevi scheme, matrvandana, Beti Bachao campaign (Save the Girl Child), Jyotigram plan and karmayog campaign, e-love (A-love), e-empo on (e-MP Overa), scope (scope), ayakrieta (E C reate) Such initiatives regarding their initiatives Gujarat dimensional development. Such upakramammagila vision, concept and implementation of initiatives bound to come is what Mr. Narendra Modi's image became a true prince. But the rulers are not thinking about the upcoming nivadanukancaca rajakaranyampramane other, if they consider the interest of the next generation ....

Be that as thought leaders and innovation caitanyadayi ardent and famous people of Gujarat, Narendra Modi, which is the heart of our vision propagated, 6 crore Gujaratis, but also in the minds of citizens trust, faith and hope are successfully bimbavalya these things. Mr. Narendra Modi has long been a boon sharp. So close relationship between her death and called the name of any person, Shri directly. Modi became the locket galyatala people. Dharmadharmanta build bridges they have built the earth who sincerely fear religious leaders. Section of Gujarat, economic groups, religions and people of different political parties ... even Mr. Modi able to elevate the standard of living of the working nagarikancam transparent administration, and therefore look as visionary leader, Mr. Modi dear to them. Effective and efficient interacting with the speaker, Mr. Modi is equally popular in urban and rural areas. His fans in different religions, different beliefs and encompasses all the economic section of the society.

Under his able leadership of Gujarat has bagged several awards and worldwide.


