14) Clouds on the Delhi attack
   Police fear of suicide blasts: "The research is two terrorists laskara

New Delhi: Delhi, the capital, making the target of a suicide attack in the prestigious namavantanna to cut the terrorist organization Lashkar-e-Taiba or the exchequer patalya sure footing on the Delhi Police are searching for two militants ghusalelya capital to meet this conspiracy.
Delhi Police's Special Branch after receiving confidential information between the two suspected members of the military and ukasa literally, police sources claimed there had been a conspiracy to expose. Occupied Kashmir and Jammu and Kashmir in the breakthrough the duo now know siralyaci Delhi.
In this regard, an FIR has been registered. After senior officials who reported the crime to gather information concerning the special branch of Lashkar-e-Toiba empathy, and are directed to increase surveillance measures savarepari For quick estimates of risk.
According to the sources, Lashkar-e-Toiba, Delhi and other parts of the country, setting up attacks, he said the organization's leaders to bring into force the breakthrough in Jammu and Kashmir is mentioned in other international simanvaruna complaint. (Plebiscite News Network) that the ISI spying for Pakistani intelligence agencies implicated police district of Jammu and Kashmir rajaairi Saturday morning arrested a school teacher named suede. Suspected ISI Director of kaphaitulla Khan led heragiriprakaranaci is the fourth arrest. Important information was gathered on the border of India and Pakistan captains of tainatibaddala suede. Grenedahalla possible
Ukasa literally and have remained in Kashmir Valley for the longest time, and two members of the Army of Delhi is planning to target people known to grenedahalla or suicide. The attack that own or can use other member of the Army. Mufti in planting a curb on-air mehabuba
Will be placed on the curb fundamentalist active principles in the name of Hindutva, the People's Democratic Party president expects mehabuba Mufti said here Saturday. Mehabuba who misuse Islam than in planting by the Islamic States of Iraq and Syria to the terrorist organization. 2 blasts in Guwahati, 4 injured
Guwahati: Fancy Bazaar shopping area in the city on Saturday 2 blasts and four were injured. The injured, including the child of six years. The injured have been admitted to the nearest hospital. Security has been increased in the area after the incident. If this can not be denied that the grenades did not explode or ayaidi phatakyace likely, the sources said.

