57) Saturn partially hand side!

Chairman of the Shrine to honor the woman took her to get up from sanidarsana cautharya on, so the circle of events should be seen as a step forward confusing.

The incident occurred in the history of the new sanisinganapura to visit Saturn's hot on cautharya cadhalyamule girl. 400 years after the first time visvastapadi 2 women directly elected president, and offer gray, or events in a row. The newly appointed president Anita Shete will continue the tradition inculcated, are telling the same. Woman still receive the honor from the President directly cautharya cadhalya on women, in terms of the similarity of the ring as far as the events should be seen as a step forward confusing.

Shinganapur tradition and is basically set tikalele Shrine, note should be taken before that. There are many stories associated with this city. Some found it full of trust, some superstition kadelota! Yet management has not happened ever stop. However, some changes have been positive kalaparatve. Village households without a door, this village is proudly told the identity of the state. Despite the incorrect sequence, as women are enriched at the secondary location. To break the tradition, the removal of broken hearts on a deep understanding of the threat to arrive in your existence, is now sitting difficult. Trustee and Chairman of the value of women should be getting it welcomed the incident. In fact it was not open the door wide open for changes, when the jar, you should note that ghetalica. Again, this is politics bhavaki custom gavakice and texture, it also can not forget.

Was in turmoil, many of Trustees of choice tondavaraca sanisinganapurata, this is certainly not a matter of durlaksanyajogi. He was sattabadalacihi state border. To see this taluka takes out the political context. The leader of the county and literary YB Gadakh and there is optionally devasthanavarahi effect. Gadakh are considered loyal colleague Sharad Pawar. Assembly Gadakh unexpectedly lost his son, SB. Congress MLA from the BJP deredakhala the Bal murakute Modi wave. Accuracy of the system will change legislators badalataca district. Cooperatives, reached gramapancayatimparyanta spreading it. It was not easy to dominate gadakhance sahakaratila scrap. Happened! Temple was elected a trustee Shinganapur it. During the same period Shinganapur was discussion of various events. Devasthanatila sattahi change as the government changed, the BJP MLA was the firm belief murakutenna.

Murakute supporters Devastan steward therefore had to act. But it was the opposite! Despite most of the state ruled by the BJP had gray visvastapadi Gadakh supporters. The choices in siemao 'Of course not, but the effect is the Chief Minister's Office to intervene directly. "Politics aside, pushed gadakham siemaone faith, the means has been removed. Trustee nivadaca is illegal, this is the time to say that the present ruling BJP MLA. Visit the women-men are already often bhedabhedavaruna protests. When women do not have access cautharya, while men cautharyakhalunaca darshan and smarter regulation 'equality' had been hoped. Now the next step has been achieved by assigning women are holding the presidency. 400-year-old tradition of removing scrap may take a few years, it is estimated that many people. It is not possible in a day. Women appeared to be due to President cautharya up on women in one day, the expectation is null. Anita setem of manasubyatuna was clear, be! Nothing changed something than not replaced, it's important! Today, women Saturn partially dead, let early the next step!

