40) avaghi bhumi bhimamaya! Committed to the development of the last person in the community!
Mumbai: Maharashtra Chief Minister said the state government committed to the development of the last person in the community Devendra said. Dr. Bharat Ratna. Babasaheb Ambedkar Mahaparinirvana dinanimittane Governor C. Vidyasagar Rao and Chief Minister Devendra visited caityabhumila at Dadar. Dr. Offered the statue to pay homage to Ambedkar by garland, and 'trisarana Panchsheel' and pray.
Chief Minister said that, "the state-exploited, the person responsible for the development of the community by the end of the class, you need to be a victim of all development. They will do for the state to create the Political, "he appealed. On this occasion, Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar caityastupa on behalf of the state government was evacuated from puspavrsti. 8 the eu '> c / r 8 eu'> Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Mahaparinirvana Day yielding fitness, has been released on Sunday at the hands of the chief minister Devendra Social Justice Department website and Facebook page. Bhumi function held at Dadar chief prince Badola Social Justice, and other leaders were present in the school education humor Dias. 8 the eu '> c / r 8 eu'> On the occasion the Chief Minister said, "is going to help the website and implemented various schemes to reach samanyamparyanta Department pejamule Facebook social justice. Babasaheb Ambedkar sanvidhanadvare Indian Independence, equality and the Fraternal message. Chief Minister said that the commitment to the Constitution and the integration of this message and optionally balavaraca state government to the country's state of development. Greetings ..
Dr. Ambedkar's Day Mahaparinirvana Governor C. Vidyasagar Rao, chief Devendra, Mayor Snehal Ambekar, Education, humor Dias, greeted by the Social Justice mahamanavasa Prince Badola.
Dr. Bharat Ratna. The followers of Ambedkar rajyabharatuna able to greet the crowd on Sunday was full of bhumi. Ambedkar's gone caityabhumica area covered jayaghosane Psychology 'bhimamaya' was. - News / C 6 Governor. Vidyasagar Rao, chief Devendra, Mumbai Mayor greeted by Snehal Ambekar mahamanavala Sunday. The exploited, the responsibility of the development of the community by the end of the classroom vyakticahi development of all you need to be a victim. Political will to create a state for us. - Denvedra accountant, chief Dutta Khedekar.


