
56) How rampage parity.
Rampage in Mecca ''. Deeply saddened so caused the death. Deep condolences to the families and the injured quick recovery prayer Peedkit. '
- Narendra Modi, the last day of the Prime Minister of Haj in Mina near Mecca, Saudi holy city of Rampage. Of 863 people were injured, but about 717 pilgrims were killed in. Rampage. Indians were killed and two wounded in two news. The accident is the worst accident during the Hajj in the past decade.
The official Saudi Press Agency Kankdli Jmarat crowd of people going to accident Kill Mina Street, the devil is in the 204 ritual. Suddenly increased. Is. New Delhi is 11.30 days, a two-way place accidents Jmarat Jodkne. Rampage. The reason is not known.
Indian Consulate in Jeddah, two pilgrims were injured in Assam officials. However, the situation is being monitored. Haj half of this year. Million are Indians. However, all of the world's more than 20 million pilgrims to Mecca. Are trying to reach safety and help the injured. > 8 / Hiurirlla 2 Hiurirlla 2> Page 2 See how old the grave
Between July 2, 1990, a pedestrian tunnel Rampage. Category 1426
Meanwhile stone the devil, 270, 1994, May 23,
April 9, 1998 on the Rampage Jmarat Bridge. 118
March 5, 2001 during the 35 stone the devil
During the past 11 stone 14 February 2003
251 1 February 2004 between the stone the devil
Stone 12 January 2006, during the past 346 Nagpur: Nagpur Central Tanzeem Committee pilgrims are safe. Committee Secretary Mohammad. Kalam and Vice President Shahid Naseem Khan Qureshi state service aaqil Khadim incoming information from the State Haj Committee pilgrims to Mecca. According to him, a woman and two Indians were killed and 2 were injured. Four dead Indian
Thiruvananthapuram / Hyderabad: Rampage. Devotees from Telangana and Kerala, four Indian women, including one person killed. Kerala, Union Rural Development Minister KC Joseph is rampage. During the Thrissur district of Kerala Kodnglur Mohammed is dead. Telangana state Haj committee official asset professor. A L Hyderabad Shakur said. B Bibi, a resident of the city life  has died. According to, around 10 pm local time accident near Mina Jmarat 204 Bridge Street, was at the door. Camps have been set up near the pilgrims on the road. Was sitting at a group of pilgrims. Meanwhile, the other group. Haji already jumped on the second group. Was a rampage. D. They began to attack each other, and there was a dead-dead bodies covered in a few minutes. Within fifteen days. In the second incident,
A fortnight in Mecca in Saudi Arabia. This is the second accident Bdka. 400 people were injured, but earlier, on September 11, just before the fall of a crane's Hajj to Mecca Masjid India, including 11 111 people were killed.
200 teams, 4,000 people gathered Protection
Rescue work is being carried out in full swing. 4000 220 people were engaged in the rescue operation of the emergency assistance team. Defence pilgrims Rampage. To move to a safe place separate Magren Magren are optional. More chaos and death
Saudi security forces, Brigadier Mansour al-Turkish pool after some resemblance to most of them died in the chaos, and it comes down to having more people in the pool, he said. Most of the dead in Saudi Arabia
Haj Minister rampage. Those who have died, it is not more than the number of foreigners. Most residents of the accident is not allowed to join them Hajj in Saudi Arabia. So far, Egypt and the four Indian pilgrims were killed and 13. By Siraj Wahab Mecca Mina 'Rampage report conduct. Deeply saddened so caused the death. Deep condolences to the families and the injured quick recovery prayer Peedkit. "