57) Change in the weather in Paris
Modi-Sharif climate change conference meeting

Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and Pakistan met at this conference was the second sudden weather. Small but very important meeting. The two leaders met in private and their body language was the subject of discussion for quite serious.
Earlier, in July, the two leaders Kazan, met in Russia. A two-day conference, the two leaders of the program being considered can also create a separate meeting. However, so far there has been no announcement in this regard. Nawaz Sharif recently announced unconditional dialogue had dared to change the country. UN Secretary General Ban Ki Moon talks in Paris yesterday by India-Pakistan relations Hiurirlla 2> 8 / Hiurirlla 2> Page 2 rest said, ..
Not escape responsibility for the old. Country: Modi
Before today, the Prime Minister of prosperity of the world climate change conference in trauma trouble is that burning fossil fuels, due to possible global warming, reminded those countries most Bdli is the responsibility of developed countries. Is. Financial Times Climate change is Ldkai carrying their duties in an article in the developed countries against the more burden.
Holland met
Today, the Prime Minister thought it would be a positive and constructive climate conference, French President Francois Holland and India met. It will be crucial for the credibility of the commitments, the successful climate treaty conference on climate change is starting to talk about the French president in the countries of the agreement. Hiurirlla 2> 8 Hiurirlla 2> Page 5, 11, said India /
Undermining the growth pattern of the relevant offering gives Foreign Ministry spokesman, said: "Leader in the lounge, suddenly she was offering. 'Prime Minister met with the head of state." "Pakistan is showing 'ready
Pakistani TV channel of communication between the two Suhadrrpuarn environment with frequent hand tremors, the two leaders footage. The atmosphere was positive and happy. ■ meeting may be cleared next month may be granted immediate aftermath of Sri Lanka cricket series between India and Pakistan.
Islamabad conference in Asia next week ■ Heart can participate.
