



63) Susata Pace

Evergreen: 42 th year of the 17th grendaslemala hit

US Open Championship
New York: a book after you won the 'Grand Slam Express' establishment that India's tennis star Leander Paes in mixed doubles tournament in the US Open at the age of 42 to 34-year-old Swiss partner Martina hingisasamaveta and won a Grand Slam on the seal umatavali. Paes and Mahesh Bhupathi vijayabarobara or the name of the record eight mixed doubles jetepadanca. The same year in a row to win the three Grand Slam achieved Paes hingisane. Paes has been deposited in the name of the book, a total of 17 doubles, eight of them are male and nine mixed doubles. Vrtta

Once again the best in the game. Leander and
Martina jetepadabaddala Congratulations! We are very happy.
Live your kheladvare India a tennis title
Was, I am proud that we Indians. ''
- Narendra Modi, Prime Minister
Leander Paes and Martina Hingis of trivara Congratulations! They created history. Logically, it is on your shoulders to increase the glory of sports in India, being aware of the reserves after a jetipade sirapecata rovalyabaddala
Indians are proud of. ''
- Sarvananda Sonowal, Sports and Energy should have the ability to achieve any targets we .. My brother hingisace this udgaraaheta. Her words I learn. According to me is the courage to laksyaprapti. Have the courage to play the system and talent to achieve this goal gunansobataca, they have me. Life can not be achieved in some stable sankalpasivaya, but true. Martinakaduna received such good things to learn. - Leander Paes in the final to Federer-joko
New York: tennis legend Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic in Sunday's final will be played the first time in 6 years that get ready for the decisive match of the US Open men's singles.
1 in 9 US Open title after 70 players to win the highest age of 34 years to become a five time champion Federer in the semi-final of yours brother Stan Wawrinka 6-4, 6-3, 6-1 in the match. The winner of the 2011 US Open final, Djokovic hit sixth. Serbia's defending champion Marin silica on the record player, 6-0, 6-1, 6-2 victory celebrated. This was the largest one-sided victory. In July, the final day of the culture that demanded the Wimbledon final tournament. Djokovic won his ninth career at grendaslema. The match between Federer and Djokovic fight 42 th. Federer beat Djokovic these 21 times, 20 times he was defeated. Serena's defeat of falling tikitabari
New York: World number one player in the rankings, Serena Williams of the US in the semifinals of the US Open is a tremendous decline in the prices of tickets ladhatisathi Italy's sensational defeat in the women's singles Roberta vinsikaduna.
In the semi-final against title two players Serena and Italy after the defeat of world number will be between second seeded player halepa Simona rumaniyaci Pennetta and Roberta Vinci and phlavhiya. Serena Williams of the US women's singles final, and his love parabhavabarobaraca end result is getting to see the ticket prices. After the US Open tennis tournament doubles title while patakavilya joy of Leander Paes and Martina Hingis mixed.

















