
53) Blätter, platini 8 years ban on FIFA's moral arbitration decision: Blätter alleged misuse of office will seek appeal

Zurich: FIFA dispute bhovaryata stranded moral tribunal decided on Monday to ban the eight-year-old Sepp and Michael platini Blätter. Platinim case to provide 20 million phramksa allegedly abused office.
World phutabolamadhila is the world's most popular sport of corruption once again on the subscription decision of two individuals giants. Was banned from being involved in any type of football and the Blätter platini. 7 of the 9-year-old career Blätter This was almost due, but FIFA president bhusavanya platini of water has been the hope of the other ideas.
1 99 8 from FIFA president sambhalanarya Blätter between 50 thousand Swiss phramksa (about 33 million 3 9 thousand 374 rupees) and yuephace suspended president and FIFA vice-president platini between 80 thousand phramksaca (around 53 lakh 42 thousand 99 8 Rs) fined. He is said to be a misuse of the court office. 20 million have been provided blataratarphe phiphatarphe probe was authorized by the Swiss phramksa platini. 1 999 had been paid to the trust as a consultant during the 2002 sambhalalyamule that platini said. The Tribunal, however, dismissed the charges against the moral corruption of FIFA; They were found guilty in the case, but the interests of guntalya. The Tribunal said that, did not give a clear reason for this rakamebabata Blätter any hearing or written form.
Platini interests of guntalya found guilty. The Tribunal made clear that, platini been unable to work and the true morality. They could not do their work responsibly. It failed to maintain law and respect for the FIFA event. Blätter and platini on the form was suspended temporarily in October. At that time, the Swiss takraraka s inquiry was launched to provide the amount of 2011. (IANS) the 8 eu '> c / r 8 eu'> FIFA Football moral tribunal made it clear from the decision taken by the appeal to ask Blätter Sepp be suspended for eight years. Witnesses in court ignite saksikade 'betrayal' was that Blätter said. The eu 8 ">
C / r 8 eu '> This issue has come up here though FIFA's appeal, then the challenge is to give at Lausanne Sports lavadapudhe decision for the suspension. The eu 8 ">
C / r 8 eu '> FIFA president nyayadhisanni longest period time with their colleagues and with Michael platini Blätter sambhalanarya lead to 20 million Swiss francs (20 million dollars) in the amount of suspended matter. 2011
This amount was paid as alleged by Blätter in case a decade ago to work as a consultant responsible for the care platini. The trade agreement is valid, said to be by the oral Blätter and platini was said.
Blätter said, "The judge rejected the oral evidence kararababataci lavalyamule marveled. What was betraying you, if you asked me if my answer will be yes, of course. ' Glance Blätter
May 9, 2015 2: SAP Blätter Prince Ali bin Hussein, who sits at the helm of FIFA fifth final.
20 July: stay election process.
8 October: FIFA has suspended the policy committee 9 to 0 days.
Corruption Case
December 2010: 2018 and the matter had been exposed to a newspaper to buy votes to host the World Cup in 2022
23 June 2011: FIFA's policy of expulsion konakekaphace Committee General Secretary Chuck then blejhara
December 2014: FIFA inspection team of Michael Garcia's resignation
May 27, 2015: Police raid hotel jhurica, FIFA's Sepp Blätter 2 upadhyaksansaha 7 arrested Michael platini
