54) Change the brutal anger will Aelankkbri France
1:50 pm to 9:20 pm at the start of the French Hmalon night. Stade de France football stadium near the explosion. The Indian Gdki 4:30 hours. According to the first attack was late at night 1:50. The game was released in France and Rgmni two bitter competitive match. President Francois Holland at 80 thousand viewers watching the match, but the ground was packed. Suicide terrorists Udkaya own detonate. President of the stadium was safely out. 2:00 to 2:08 at night, the second night of the fire explosion near the Stade de France stadium Kvipe Belle de la Republique guns at night and 1:55 to 1:59 Kanbodian restaurant Avenue in La Petite Karilon name firing indiscriminate firing at night and Voltaire Mbodj Fire at 2:13, at 2:19 Batclan Boulevard and bang bang night concert hall. American rock band Eagles of Death event group "was going on. The terrorists fired indiscriminately arrested one of the first 47 and then entered into the rest of the audience. French president who has been suffering from trauma, he warned that he pointed a gun at his head. We in Syria Here are the revenge on the action, he said. A militant was killed in the police action, while three of the four terrorists barged Udka explosion itself. The third blast of the night 2:23 into the Stade de France stadium in Paris Boulevard Fire night 2:30 Byumarches. 14 November (AFP)
France was once again the victim of a terrorist attack. Some of these attacks have the same 26/11 Mumbai attacks. According to Indian time, seven different locations on Friday and Saturday in Paris was the capital of the terrorist blasts and gunfire in the intervening night of innocent people were targeted. 129 people were killed and 99 352 more seriously, were injured. Most deaths occurred in the city Bataclan concert hall. 100 people were terrorists hostage.
120 people had been killed in retaliation. Udka blast themselves were seven suicide bombers. He then attacked in a public place like a restaurant first and a backpack. Terrorist legislation has taken responsibility for the attack notorious ISIS.
ISIS also said terrorists are in front of a video that France will be peace. According to local media attacked President Francois Holland was attacked by the attack were present in the stadium where the city's friendly match between France and Rgmni Union was launched.
After the attack, Holland was out heavy security protection. French commandos killed eight attackers and saved many lives. In all countries, including India and world leaders, condemned the attack Kdki France solidarity. Raids in Brussels
Paris Judkte charge wire Pdkosi Belgium visible. Suddenly, the Belgian government hours after the attack enthusiasts, capital, raided several places in Brussels. Many suspects have been arrested in raids.
Gatwick airport evacuated
England was the second busiest airport Gatwick Panic spread after the helicopter after the terrorist attacks in Paris. London cast a suspicious object in Kudeldan, Airport, a French national, was arrested around 50 km.
Aircraft shifted to safe places
Due to the capital of the Netherlands, the rumor bomb an Air France aircraft, were evacuated from Amsterdam's Schiphol airport. Security agencies are probing dense plane. Found the terrorist Syrian passport
Found near the body of the attacker in a brutal attack by a Syrian passport. Can not say where the passport when it is received. Police have pointed to potential Syrian contacts. It is suggested an investigation.
French terrorists known
At the Bataclan concert hall in Paris four men entered the French citizen. At least 82 people have been killed. According to the investigation, which is considered to be one of the attackers is a French citizen, the body was not found. Although not discussed in the background or the identity of the person.
'City of light' to leave
So far, such a role is still one of the most deadly attacks from Paris. Terrorist attacks, museums, markets and schools were closed and deserted after the famous Somps-Elije way is the Eiffel Tower was closed. Sdlkon bustling city known for its beauty and home meet people grief. Where was the terrorist?
It is not clear, but according to French media reports, the terrorist sleeper cell was part of the ISIS in France. And since they were planning. Selected day attack on Friday. National Stadium, restaurant and concert hall and music carried out by the target of such attacks. How?
According to the media, the news coming from the car, four terrorists. The rest of the run had reached their target weapons. That the AK-47 grenades, suicide jackets and weapons are. Mumbai Ldkne was time to make way. After World War II the French president to bring most of the country is attributed to the organization of the Islamic assault Holland. It is said to be a war without mercy determined counterattack activity today. Holland massacre of at least 128 people were killed, he said. Emergency security meeting was announced by Holland suffered three national Dinane: b and its high level of security in the country after the government's response Bdka plan. The values ​​that protect the world against France. As well as an independent country against the entire planet means that, so. French anti-terrorism police Hmlavrane has worked to identify potential partners.
