51) for women safe, clean toilets, Build, High Court: State institutions and all local governments ordered a comprehensive strategy tonight

Mumbai: women having the right to a public place is safe and clean toilets. Has the right to life with dignity for women. So the women to clean, safe toilets, supply, it is the duty of the state institutions and local governments, according to monitoring and reporting to the High Court ordered to build a clean, safe toilets for women in public places and crowded institutions, local governments in the state on Wednesday. In this regard, a comprehensive strategy tonight, bench also ordered local governments institutions.
Not enough public toilets for women as well as the existing toilets are very dirty and unsafe place. So give the order to provide enough toilets for women in local bodies, governments, public interest petition demanding that the city's women were lawful 'or NGO, filed in the High Court. Justice hearing or appeal. Abhay Oak and Justice. Revathi Dhere bench of the Mohite. On Wednesday, the court's decision on this petition.
'Toilets in the soap, mirror, toilet papers, hand dryers, should dastabina. If the toilet 'pay and use' will be made available if the backgrounds in the mandatory supply sanitary nepakina for women.
Disposal of CCTV interrupted out of well-trained women put security. It is also necessary to provide emergency phone number facility, the bench said. Women's toilets for women to have access to independent and be away from the toilet in the men's toilets from possibly also notice the bench. Women's Day to all the local governments in the state institutions thrive bench justification has been given instructions to submit compliance reports on March 8. (Representative) are required to clean toilets and healthy for samajahita. Outdoors flattered women need to clean toilets, attention can not be ignored. Monthly palicyaveli feel that women need more. Women often have to go to the toilet sanitary nepakina change. This is the direct result of women's health, said the state court ordered Municipalities women saucalayansandarbhata comprehensive strategy chart. Please Committee: all local agencies under the chairmanship of Commissioner or Additional Commissioner nemavi Committee. These should include representatives of women's NGOs and women councilors. This committee should be set up in the next four weeks, the bench ordered. Toilets and toilet for finding the right property maintenance and repair work, the Committee sees this. Find a place for the construction of toilets in public space without considering the number of women in the decision to build the toilets, has suggested that the local government institutions bench.


