51) Injured
Silindarsace gas explosion Monday afternoon after a severe fear of fire surrounded damunagara the slums of Mumbai Sanjay Gandhi National Park along the east Kandivli.
The fire was so dahakata, when consumed in more than two huts.
Vijhavanya spot to fire 16 fire engines, 12 water tanker, number 108 of 11 ambulances, the fire reached 2 ambulance immediately.
 3 9bhajapa in discomfort!

Pleasentry concern opposers, but allies!

Concern oppose attacks: Shiv Sena's role incertitude

Luz Do not Talk
Secretary of compulsory tour Scissors
Chief orange when they buy! Special page / 5 Yadu josi Nagpur
The BJP in the Assembly of the allegedly corrupt government of this session of the Congress-NCP legislature party meeting Devendra discomfort remained not hide this. While the attacks virodhakankaduna and friends stay tight all clear when the Shiv Sena party, the order was given to BJP MLAs today's meeting.
BJP Chief Minister's office in a statement Bhavan Devendra, State Department. Raosaheb Monster, the Minister of State in charge of Saroj Pande, legislators were present. That it is not the role of the government to cooperate with the friends of Shiv Sena party, do not understand. That the government can bring adacanitadekhila occasions. In such a situation should be largely your legislators, senior minister Eknath Khadse be appealed.
Nagpur session is vadalica. The resignation of the chief minister was at a convention. If the government does not speak samoracyanna Be aggressive on the attack, it is understood that the appeal Khadse. Chief accountant said, why do not you fear? We have no corruption. False the 8 eu '> c / r 8 eu'> Maharashtra BJP's charge Saroj Pandey said, 'Do not talk to the media, Luz, "he advised legislators. According to some of those in favor, raise sarakarabaddala if you do not need to speak out. The eu 8 ">
C / r 8 eu '> interactive media and some say it is not possible to create a misunderstanding, that he kanaughadanihi. Pleasentry concern opposers, but allies! Winter session, he tried to prepare for the full government gheranyaci pleasentry edge against them by the state, although the opposition. However, Shiv Sena mitrapaksaci concern was felt on their faces. Shiv Sena's first day!
Please expulsion from office of the iron K.Srihari mahaabhiyokta who sought to separate Vidarbha janamataca tile, he announced that the ruling party, the Shiv Sena won on the first day of the winter session. However, we express the assembly theme, telling Congress that took away from this part of the case. Secretary of the winter session of the tour forced Scissors
Chief orange when they buy! Special home / news about 

