56) purogaminci murder nathurami pravrttinkadunaca!
Sudhir lanke jnanoba tukaramanagari (Pimpri)
Nathurami tradition of marekaryannica dabholkar, Pansare and kalaburgi tablets or placed intellectuals. While condemning this feeling minded, BSP-abhijana, left-right and the truth is apalapa doghantahi distortion. If donhinkade jativada, but how to find the truth? So one will have to choose the way of interactive Self- not untouchable, the interactive role that the third meeting of the Chairman of the All India Marathi Literature 8 9th. Shripal sabnis set by Saturday.
Marathi literature Corporation and Dr. Divaya. Patil University (Pune-Pimpri) in the history of ever meeting hosted by the Marathi Sahitya 'glorious and rich "to calculate the cut at the start of the 8 9th assembly. Former Union minister Sharad Pawar will inaugurate the convention was inaugurated. Minister Devendra, senior poet, lyricist Gulzar, former Bihar Governor Dr. Divaya. Patil, outgoing Literary Dr. Sadanand More, literature Corporation President Dr. Madhavi Vaidya, the reception meeting (on page 6 by 8 eu '> c / r 8 eu'> has resigned his country and state, the role of Chief Minister Devendra had presented his speech. Sabnis said, we agree with you accountant's warnings. However, in some instances ahisnutecyahi ghadataheta. The eu 8 ">
C / r 8 eu '> Chaturvanya Indian tradition, the University of region avoided the movement, the Godhra riots, are laden Indira Gandhi resigned emergency or event? Chief naming sabnis forgotten
Sabnis by naming them in the beginning of words. Sharad Pawar, Ramdas Athavale, Pd Patil and the variety he used adjectives. However, the Chief Minister and Minister Devendra Girish Bapat did not naming them, or both. After the speech, about 10 minutes by S itakara the matter was that their lot after them. Regret was expressed by naming them, he said. Chief accountant are cultivated, said that at this time. Do not blame my role
At the end of his speech the role sabnis appealed. They said, would be wrong, but to talk. But, that is what the hymn-worship this man, what is the role of a new tomorrow, understand this. I am trying to gather all the values. It is not pacata, but do not blame my role.
Sharad Pawar said that it was being besieged kelyacehi free ourselves. Our interactive media and scholars understand the formula will be the question of the Media Democracy criticized the creation tiradici Dandi. President nivadaprakriya
The need to change - Pawar
It is the job of politicians to get their opinions of us. Writer not to overwrite our model. Literary need to change the selection method. Former sammelanadhyaksanni come together to choose the next Speaker, advised Pawar Literary changing the method of selection process. Since the process of voting materials they prefer to avoid meeting the selection meeting President from many literary works. According to what we have to do, whether you know. It is our right. They do not talk about publicly, he said. Your country sahisnuca - CM
By resigned his country was and still is. Although many ways, and the two go to the truth, even though the conflict should not be. Literary community, to work with us to consider and direction. But the question should not be literature, to be received answers, said Chief Minister Devendra said.
Your language should be the language of the other ingredients. Marathi language in the world, but will take a global language, the Chief Minister said there was no doubt. Intellectual power, nor speak handily
I am a representative of the truth, but accountant of power. It is possible to have the debate about the role of both. However, the power of the truth mandela handily thinkers or scholars, they do not expect the political system, he said Sabnis. Pimpri jnanoba



