62) Ditonetarsaca awful explosion

Madhya Pradesh event: talagharata had explosives, mangle bodies, lightning, fire

Sphotammule udalelya injured many stones

Ghatakoparamadhila odiyama mall explosion; One killed

Toy Train accidents; Two British citizens killed

Crane 107 crash victims; Including two Indians
Indore: Madhya Pradesh's Jhabua district or tribal petalavada explosives stored in a house large talagharata (detonators) and Saturday from 9 am 0 hideous explosion killed, but on the hundred were injured. Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has announced a grant of Rs 50,000 to Rs two lakh each to the injured and the relatives of the dead. The starting safety spot and rescue operations, the state government has ordered an inquiry into the incident. Since some people can grow thick malabyakhali may be burdened number dead. According to reports received from Delhi, rescue and rescue operations for the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) team has left for the spot.
The three-storey primary estimate was due to the explosion of a gas cylinder burst property sethiya house. But then along came the sathayace for explosives. Traders in Dhaka on Saturday released at around the 8.30 am sethiya turtles Rajendra's house was the first explosion. The blast was so severe that gharasaha sethiya hotel was completed destroyed. The large number of people to hear the crump not reaching the spot after the start of a series of blasts. The walls of some houses collapsed. Fell nearly 50 homes and shops interstitial. Concierge and nearby households of all the people killed. (Representative) sphotammule udalelya stones from many people who were injured. Bodies in the area after a series of blasts that literally was desolate. Dust and smoke filled the sky. The injured were aggrieved call for help. This is a tragedy of Lal according pratyaksadasri, when they heard the sound of heavy dhamakyaca taking tea in the hotel Krishna half km away from the spot. Flood suruhota sky stones. When the two men fell to the ground around sphotasthali was reached. Some of the injured were tadaphadata. This gruesome photo moment they exploded. The explosion on a passenger bus petalavada while shooting video and mobile video took his picture was wrenching. Ditonetaramule explosion limit alva .. Additional Superintendent of Police, said that it was clear that the ditonetaramule explosion. Business fertilizers and shellfish that house in Dhaka. They were working for the well sphotancehi. He was a great ditonetarsaca gather into talagharatila stocks. I have people who died in the blast earth is suffering. I expressed their kutumbiyamprati sokasanvedana. Madhya Pradesh government is monitoring the situation. - Narendra Modi, Prime Minister sokasanvedana Home
World Hindi Conference to join in the Constitution of the Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh petalavada bad expressed by the public sokasanvedana kutumbiyamprati of the dead. Mumbai: Working with the death of one of the Ghatkopar blast at the mall pantanagaramadhalya odiyama AC plamtace incident took place on Saturday. Naseem Abdul Ansari  is the name of the deceased. The incident took place at around half. Mall of the terrace is plamta AC. Shimla: from 0 to 9 km British citizens killed off two of three Toy Train accident in USD derailed coaches, but another 10 were injured. The toy train was going 37 British tourists. Kalka at 1.00 pm and takasala these stations permissions gavanajika the car plummeted. New Delhi: Indian corn in the Grand Mosque crane accident killed two, injured 15, according to foreign ministry said on Saturday. Has been killed or injured 107. Jeddah has launched a helpline at the Indian embassy officials to provide information and the sahya. 'Durantola accident; Two killed,
Kalaburgi (Karnataka): Secunderabad Mumbai Duronto Express by two passengers were injured and seven killed in an accident on Saturday morning, nine coaches derailed early next month.
