
55) Shiv Sena alliance brainstorm today!
Roughly the first to say sorry again: Lalu
New Delhi / Kolkata. October 14 (the Bureau)
The center says that the government is not responsible for this kind of unfortunate incident opposition Pakistan Concerts her long program of peace and well-known ghazal singer Ghulam Ali Todkte Modi Dadri. He is trying to give the anti-ethnic Mdka color, alleging. If Congress does not get anything just rhetoric, Modi hit the back, the planned action is required.
Prime Bengali language newspaper 'Ananda Bazar Patrika Dadri program is not tragic and unacceptable, "said in an interview. The incident I am extremely offended. He should not be condemned too low, but the government has clearly wrong. This is where it all happened The state is responsible for the law and order, there is a question. Do not keep the party at all such events. "Mumbai: BJP, Bdkne Ghulam Ali stress Mumbai Shiv Sena Prime Legislative Cancel" unhappy "after Gujarat Godhra carnage after the Gujarat broke in riots visible remembered Bdkke today are known because he was the chief minister and riots. BJP ministers, at a meeting of the leading authorities on Thursday in Mumbai is likely to churn predetermined depth. > 8 / Hiurirlla 2 Hiurirlla 2> Sanjay Raut said Page 8
Prime Minister Godhra and Ahmedabad, and my roots are honored. " ■ 'We respect them for the same reason.
It is unfortunate event canceled unfortunate statement, Prime Minister Ghulam Ali ■ they said.
Dias. Says
School Education Minister and BJP leader Vinod Tawde. Do not think the BJP left hand. Will. "The term of the coalition government will complete five years. Nothing can affect the stability of the government." Patna: RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav, has attacked the Prime Minister. What it is quiet Todka peace, Todka is. You assume kill us, and tell them I'm sorry Pete. What a way to recognize e. Peace Todka. In the evening and in the morning speak BJP, RSS, Modi any or all. '' What is the power of math?
BJP has 123 MLAs. BJP MLA Codkti 17-18 were involved, is expected. Is. 15 BJP legislators in most need

